[['i found this to be a really fun book to read. i commend the author for the list of references at the end, so that readers are free to research on their own and form educated opinions.the plot was fast-paced, the characters had intelligent dialogs, and the bad guys were perfectly devious. he may have taken an unpopular stand with the storyline, but that seemed to work well for dan brown. i think crichton did his homework, took a risk, and pulled it off well.\n', 0], ["it's a decent thriller. but, anything that helps dispel the myth of human created global warming is a good thing.\n", 0], ['i read &quot;bridge of birds&quot; solely on the merits of those who reviewed the book here on the amazon site. this book is sooooo different from anything i have read before, but i found the story quite fascinating and fast paced. did master li really have a flaw in his character?? i have recommended this book to many of my friends!\n', 0], ['this is a story that i would recomend for almost all sci fi and alien fans. this book is about martians coming down to earth and laying siege to england. i liked the story and content of the book but in a few places i found it dull and a bit confusing to read. but i think that this was an amazing story for how long ago it was written. there is some very technologicly advanced things in it. despite the dull parts i really enjoyed this book.\n', 0], ["the book is exactly as i remember it. still scares the beejeebers out of me. can't beat the price, either.\n", 0], ['this was the first "real" book i had ever read growing up, and my cousin gave it to me and told me i simply had to read this book. i read it straight for 14 hours and completed it. at the time, i was 13. i couldn\'t put it down. i\'d recommend it to anyone with an open mind and a thirst for a good read! 5 stars- megg\n', 0], ['knowledge is power, knowledge of true love is ultimate power. infinite virtue is love and love reigns supreme over nearly everybody.\n', 0], ['i liked this book as much as i liked greene\'s "art of seduction". the author walks the same path of analyzing historical events and people delving deeply into their psychological nature and provides examples taken from life in order to make a point.this is a great book even if the reader is not interested in gaining power over others. it is a very interesting and fascinating read, and as always with greene\'s books i couldn\'t put it down. the author is clearly very well read and knows what he is talking about.\n', 0], ['this book is extremely important to folks that may be suffering from slight allergies to cancer! the realm of chemicals that we live with in our environment it mind boggling! this book aims a getting you better and provides excellent resources to use. it makes sense of many mysterious issues. i\'ve always been suspectant of the big pharma companies always selling you drugs. this book can break that chain of dependency on the drugs put out by the "big guys". i came across this book after a few other books in trying to find ways to make beneficial changes to the lifestyle of myself and family. after making those changes with books like this one i feel great!c.b.\n', 0], ['i must be honest and say that i had a prejudice against the book. i never thought that i would ever enjoy such a novel. to my surprise i could not put it down. the characters had charisma and charm and the tale holds a universal theme that can be understood despite the decades. i throughly enjoyed this book. a classic, timeless, and amazing piece of literature, i have the utmost regards for this novel. it was a spectacular piece of work that i cannot say enough about. wonderful!\n', 0], ['as always james lee burke writes great prose. never read of book of his that i did not find fun to read.\n', 0], ["in my view,i think jane austen is a very successful author and i enjoy reading her book very much.for example,persuasion, sense and sensibility,especially pride and prejudice.all are very perfect works but pride and prejudice has always been the most popular of her books.and this novel is now available in new movie version.i think it must be very exciting.pride and prejudice is widely-read and well-loved.the story is about the love between elizabeth and darcy and it is really romantic which readers can easily fall into the role and know their feeling.also,this book is centrally concerned with personnal happiness and elizabeth's marriage to darcy-tall,handsome and rich man-is the stuff of wish -fulfilment.if you want to know more about the story,you must read this book&quot;pride and prejudcie&quot; as soon as possible.because it is really a wonderful fiction and a romantic love story.hope you enjoy this nice book.thank you!\n", 0], ['note: i made some immature mormon angry because of my negative reviews of books out to prove the book of mormon, and that person has been slamming my reviews almost as fast as they are posted.so your "helpful" vote is greatly appreciated. thanks, and note that ashort review can be a good review if it prompts a person to read a good novel.this was one of the most enjoyable stories i ever read. set in modern times, there is an accident at a research facility, and one man becomes invisible.the adventure starts there. it\'s too bad this author never wrote any other books, but this novel is a classic and a fun read. the man even finds a woman to love him.the many dangers of being invisible were fascinating--like being accidentally hit by people or cars. and, of course, the government wouldn\'t let him live his life. they wanted to use him (make him a prisoner). he was too valuable. a great fantasy about a man being tracked down by the government.i don\'t want to say too much and ruin the story, so just go it. fantastic.also, don\'t miss the original "invisible man," by h.g. wells.\n', 0], ['this first-person detective story has the ring of the victorian novel about it, although it steps briskly along at a decidedly 21st century pace. the author evokes the sights and sounds of 19th century london as young thomas llewelyn helps his new employer, enquiry agent cyrus barker, solve the case of a young jewish gentleman found crucified in a public place. the writing and research are exemplary, and fans of sherlock holmes should be right in their element with this little novel.\n', 0], ['jeff stein gets great kudos for excellent writing of a compelling story of a real face in a faceless war. without taking sides or prejudging, the author provides a well researched account of a minor event with major ramifications.\n', 0], ['a surprisingly easy read for 700-odd pages, and a surprisingly easy read considering rand\'s unique mixture of sexual and philosophical babble. this book is of course the manifesto for ultimate license of the \'artist\',love song to the ego of the superman etc etc. so there isn\'t so much dialogue as rhetoric throughout. plenty feisty ladies dislike dominique ("i wish i\'d never seen your skyscraper!") francon\'s rape scene, but it doesn\'t bother me because the overall mood is, well, camp.the themes are uncomfortably neo-nietzchean and right-wing for me, but i like the work of lloyd wright and rand basically took him as inspiration. this preposterous novel is required reading nonetheless.* check out the wonderful dramatic & oversexy 1940s movie version with gary cooper in it and phallic imagery the likes of which has never been seen since.\n', 0], ["when i saw that this book had 4 stars on amazon, i was anxious to get it and start reading! i must admit, that for me, this book certainly didn't start out as a 4-star book. the writing was a bit simple and trite. i didn't know much about the plot before i picked this up and hadn't read any of the other reviews--i usually don't, so i am not predisposed prior to reading a book. as i read through it, it built momentum. initially, i remember wondering how this book could've received 4 stars with this simple and cliched writing style. but by the end, i was hooked and couldn't give it any less than 4 stars.here is what didn't really work for me:- the adult relationships--particularly the romantic ones, seemed flimsy and underdeveloped. this was especially true with both sisters. the relationships were there, but it was less than believable for me--one example is ellie and george, that actually irritated me.- the ending was wrapped up at lightning speed and didn't match the pace of the rest of the book. it was also extremely tidy (though i appreciated it).- i'm not sure how accurate this is and i just resigned myself to suspend some reality and just be entertained by the story so i could enjoy it. but i do think the author did a good job.- i could've used some more details regarding the actual crime(s)here's what made it a 4-star read for me:- i really cared about the characters--especially julia and the little girl- the last quarter of the book invoked *real* emotion- the voice of the little girl was well done and easily transitioned to and from- the storyline and plot was very intriguing and interestingi was skeptical when i started this book--through the first 1/4 of it. but the momentum built and i am so glad i read this book. kristin hannah has my attention now. this was the first of her books that i've read, but it won't be the last.\n", 0], ["richard fleischer directed disney's 20,000 leagues under the sea, a true cinema masterpiece, which holds up today as few pre-cgi effects movies can. the amazing design of the nautilus by harper goff still blows me away. fleischer's memoir is a fun read, but also very moving in parts. this is on my bookshelf alongside good recent movie-maker memoirs like lewis gilbert's and roy ward baker's. recommended.\n", 0], ['spencer "the sandman" powell co-hosts a late night radio talk show when a female caller threatens to "sever his head" while he sleeps. this unknown stalker has also hurled other death threats towards spencer. to keep the shock jock safe, the radio station hires the core group protection agency. nathan pruitt assigns bodyguard jasmine white to keep spencer safe.after working a "prom night" or two, jasmine knows that the sandman case is her chance to prove that she is more than just the token female. however, jasmine struggles to keep her libido in check, as she is very attracted to spencer. he uses his best weapon, sharp double entendres, to restrain his own desires for jasmine. as spencer and jasmine begin to fall in love, his assailant closes in for the kill.bring me a dream is an engaging romantic suspense that stars two likable lead charcaters thrown together in a gender bending bodyguard situation. the story line works because jasmine is believable in her profession and spencer is the type of hunk that lives up to his radio moniker as he will keep readers awake dreaming of him. though the identity of the stalker seems a bit stretched for shock value, fans will appreciate the talent of robyn amos to bring readers a dream of a story.harriet klausner\n', 0], ['this is a classic for giving the basics of electronics to anyone interested in entering the field. i would classify it as a college level freshman or sophomore level introduction. it is simply one of the best! i personally purchased a new/old book, 4th edition. while some might think this means the material is dated, they would be wrong. the basics of electronics remain the same. a great supplement to grob is the tony r. kuphaldt free e-book. the basics are what these books teach. if you want something shallow then get a book like "horn\'s basic electronics theory!" if you really want to learn something, get grob.this text leads into malvino\'s "electronic principles." in this case, i would suggest you get the most recent edition of malvino\'s book, which is what i did. if you go through both of these books, you will be more than ready for practical application knowledge.lou\n', 0], ["i am thrilled to be reminded that i am sacred. i am less 'thrilled' to find out that i need to get rid of ego. your sacred self definitely reminded me that i need to free myself from ego in order to be healthy, wealthy, and wise!it is sad that as a society we are almost encouraged to feed off of ego. in order to be happy, we must free ourselves of that and move on in a free release of our personality and selves.i'll let you know if i am able to do that!\n", 0], ['a "must have" for every professional. describes with very scientific way all the ways of personal training. as about exercise with clients it\'s one of the best. cannot explain much about the whole bussiness but it\'s excellent for the programming and helping your clients achieve their goals safe.\n', 0], ["fine wine in food is an impressive collection of mouth-watering, home-cooking recipes involving the utilization of great and notable wines, from zinfandel meatballs, artichokes stuffed with creamed spinach, and mussel soup, to great aunt mary's cranberry and walnut chicken, patti's filet mignons, and raspberry chocolate mousse. a delectable selection for the cultured gourmet, offering dishes that chefs of all skill levels can easily craft to perfection, fine wine in food is a first-rate recipe book and recommended for any culinary and wine connoisseur cookbook shelf.\n", 0], ['i purchased this book in response to all the positive feedback it had received. i was anticipating side-splitting hilarity and a sexy romantic parody of gone with the wind. in these expectations i was disappointed. the book was, however, pleasant and cute...a mildly entertaining way to shave a few hours off my life.sandra hill is a fairly good romance writer. her dialogue, unfortunately, is modern and trendy. that works fine for the supermodel from the future, but makes her world of 1845 a bit difficult to believe. the book\'s plot is flimsy at best. the humor of the book relies entirely on the model\'s "hilarious" desire to eat fattening pastries, a child\'s appallingly bad behavior, and the heroine\'s constant barrage of blonde jokes. that one-trick pony gets tired within a few chapters.on the positive side, this is a satisfying time-travel novel. it isn\'t earth-shattering, it isn\'t drop-dead hilarious. but it does entertain with a story that is cute (if historically unbelievable). not the best book ever...but certainly pleasant.\n', 0], ['this book was very interesting, i read it in one day....could not put it down. very impress and found it very amusing. love the twists and turns.\n', 0], ["my cd's first came and the discs were missing from the box. i wrote the seller and they corrected issue immediately and had new ones sent to me. they came in excellent condition and we have already enjoyed them. thank you very much for backing your product! excellent and very prompt service in correcting the problem!\n", 1], ["i have read great expectations more than 2 times. i have listened to it also on audio cd more than a few times. i occasionally just listen to any randomly selected track(s) at any randomly selected part of the story in it's unabridged version.i was excited to hear it in an abridged version and with several persons portraying the various characters.as much as i love the unabridged reading of the story; i was quite pleased with the acting out of the story in this radio-presentation-like recreation of great expectations.it was refreshing that pip's dialogue was a faithful recreation of the actual text due to him being the character telling the story; so the dickens' wonderful wordsmithing was not lost.it is a great story for all ages, to listen and learn to love; and i hope for their sake, to encourage them to read the story in its entirety.\n", 0], ['. . . on aran as everywhere else. i have had the privilege of spending two weeks on inish mor, one 4 years ago and one in the summer of 2001. the difference between the two visits was enormous . . . where on the first visit i saw perhaps 5-6 cars a day on the little roads, now there are minibuses beetling along everywhere. the pony carts are strictly for the tourists. i missed the women setting up kiosks on the road, selling their beautifully made sweaters. at the same time, throughout the summer, the young people put on a nightly concert featuring traditional irish music and dance -- and it is fantastic! so wonderful to see the beauty of the old traditions taking hold in the hearts of the young men and women.but ... what is quaint to the tourist translates into abject poverty for the native. reading synge gives one a sense of what was, and how hard it has been (and still is) for families to make a go of it on aran.read it with respect, and remember . . . all things are changing.\n', 0], ['some reviews have complained that this book is too slow, particularly because much of the dialogue is through correspondance. i felt that added to the experience of the book. it is focused on two deployed military people so of course much of their dialogue is through letter or email. henderson shows a pretty good grasp of understanding of the military and combat, good enough for this type of book. it is a sweet and engaging story and once again, she makes you fall in love with the characters and you feel as though you are a part of their world. it isi a clean book yet stays very romantic. most of all, it makes you all the more grateful for the men and women who willingly serve our country.\n', 0], ['when one looks over the vast array of american literature, there are but a few books that are ranked in a class by themselves. they include such novels as "the adventures of huckleberry finn", "the scarlet letter", "the grapes of wrath", and "the jungle". in any "greatest list" i\'ve seen, "moby dick" always shows up. in fact, only huckleberry finn draws more support as the great american novel. with this in mind, i decided that it was high time i read "moby dick". in doing so, i was prepared to appreciate a classic with my only misgivings being my tendency to get bogged down in the tedium of the 19th century style of prose.i admit that i was fairly satisfied with the first part of the novel and i was proceeding along fine until ismael turned into the world\'s greatest authority on the subject of whales and whaling. i may have missed a point or two but i was sure that ismael\'s self-introduction identified him as a merchant marine who was embarking on on his first whaling voyage. he must have been doing a lot of reading on the voyage because he proceeded to tell me more that i ever wanted to know about whales and whaling.i read "moby dick" to enjoy a story; not to engorge myself with, for me, uninteresting trivia. the facts overwhelmed the story and i was losing interest fast. i finally started to speed read my way through the final 50 pages and all of the accompanying "billy budd". i have seldom been so happy to finish a book and i even entertained the thought of just chucking the book and not even finishing it. i realize that there are many thousands of people out there for whom the sea is an enchantress. i also understand that captain ahab\'s maniacal search for the great white whale has allegoties about ourselves (although i wasn\'t all that motivated to dwell on that subject)."moby dick" is not the first classic to fall short in my estimation and i\'m sure it won\'t be the last. i mentioned above that i don\'t care for 19th century literature in general (henry james "the turn of the screw" put me to sleep). however, mark twain is my favorite author and he seemed to be able to communicate his stories in an enjoyable yet profound way. oh well, to each his own.\n', 0], ['moby-dick is a sprawling, unwieldy yet very great novel about the obsessive pursuit of happiness and fulfillment. "call me ishmael..." the famous opening lines establishes the omniscient narrator for this whale of an epic. the novel is filled with remarkable characters; their composite comradery is a true achievement of writing. melville\'s insistence on explicating precise technical minutia on the craft of whaling and oceanography turned off most readers when the book was initially published (these sections still turn off most who dare penetrate this tome), yet it is really these sections that allow the reader to become immersed in the world of ahab, the deranged symbol of evil amidst the beauty and sublime grace of the sea. melville was an undisputed master of literary style, and this masterpiece is difficult to place for the simple reason that its\' incomprehensible scale defies categorization. this is a reader\'s book; it is a divine allegory, a conventional adventure, and a bewitching construction all at once. not for the weak minded.\n', 0], ['flat out great, is how i describe most of the books written by robert crais and this book exceeded my high expectations.in the two minute rule, crais has written bittersweet story of a friendship, of loss, of father\'s love for his son, and ultimately a story of redemption. all that, between the covers of well told mystery.max holman has spent a good portion of his life behind bars. when he was free, he was breaking the law, thinking about ways to break the law, and generally self-absorbed in the pursuit of personal pleasure. holman\'s recent ten year prison stint, has however, produced a change, and all holman wants now, is to know the son he abandoned, well before he ever went to prison. unlike the father, holman\'s son followed a different path. he joined the police force. the night before his release, max learns that his son has been murdered, and it doesn\'t stop there. author crais continues to take from holman, to the point, that you find yourself saying "please don\'t hurt this man anymore." holman is driven by two desperate needs, the first is his desire to find the killer, and the second is his need to discover the truth about his son. was max holman\'s son a good cop or a dirty one?this story is superb and it is memorable. the holman character is a three dimensional flesh and blood person who evokes great empathy from the reader. the dialogue is tight, gritty, realistic, and essentially as good as it gets for a book full of characters living on the marginal fringe of polite society.my highest recommendation! this book will appeal to a wide variety of book lovers. it is a mystery for sure, but one that rises to the level of suspenseful (not nearly enough mysteries do this). i can almost guarantee this book to be a weekend read. there is not one wasted word and you are going wish there were another 100 pages or so, when you get to the end.\n', 0], ['a bit of a long read as bryson wanders through the woods, but the writing is very funny and a lot of interesting facts about the american wilderness and the appalachian trail.\n', 0], ['bryson skilfully combines humor and hard facts to create a book that is at the same time very funny and very informative. it is not just a walk in the woods: it is history, politics, administration, it is a collection of vignettes of the &quot;american way&quot; as seen by a man whose roots are in the american soil, but who has been away long enough to be able to take some distance and see the forest for the trees. it makes great reading, for behind the breezy, often mocking tone there is a wealth of serious research and information, not to mention heartfelt concern for the way modern civilization is heading and how it recklessly takes for granted the nature, the woods, the mountains.\n', 0], ["yes, this book may be funny, but that's all that it is. i've thru-hiked the at and absolutely hated this book because in no way does it properly describe the trail, community of it, or what it is like to hike it.\n", 0], ['this is a fast paced read by monteleone, an expansion of his short story "mister magister". this book finds magister and his mysterious shooting gallery in a small iowa town where the townspeople are entranced by his gallery to the point they don\'t realize what is happening when the bodies start to turn up. only young stella holds the key that might save them all.this is a very well done addition to the genre as well as a nod to twilight zone and bradbury (it is almost a retelling of "something wicked this way comes", only monteleone provides more character depth). it\'s a shame this one, like many of monteleone\'s books, is out of print. not only does it tell a strange story, but it provides insights to the human condition that are rarely found in this type of fiction. the denouement is a bit anticlimatic, though, and the final explanation, while fulfilling, is a bit vague.it is hard to find literary horror fiction, but if you are a fan of richard laymon, jack ketchum, al sarrantonio, heywood steele, king, or joe r. lansdale, you want to check out monteleone and this book in particular.\n', 0], ["this is a very tremendous guide. it has all the details for the game like where to get all the gold coins, beat all stages and go to the right route to beat the bowser in bowser's castle. this book has it all. i beat the game completely (including gold coins in each stage). totally recommended.\n", 0], ["heroine is one who opens the basement door often. very entertaining with a lot of the author's thoughts on immigration and the border problems.\n", 0], ['understood classic by others, but it bored me. then again, i had to read this for school. i found it to lack in a real plot. i am a fan of charles dickens but this one was not good.\n', 0], ["dickens was actually a good writer, but he never could come up with a decent ending. his stories were well written, and the characters were interesting, especially in this book. this story follows the life of a young boy as he grows up and tries to make a place for himself in the world. he meets some interesting characters that, at times, get the better of him. he also falls in love with an unattainable woman. the story carries on without a climax, without a point, without resolution, and, ultimately, without an ending. it just abruptly stops. i think this was the best book i read by dickens, which isn't saying much.\n", 0], ['great expectations, a book that dickens ironically considered as one of his "little pieces." though it is small compared to other works by dickens, what this novel lacks in size it makes up for in quality. great expectations succeeds beyond almost all novels of its time in exploring the roots of character and moral behaviour. charles dickens makes the case for there being the potential for good and evil within everyone. evil and sin follow from a combination of being self-absorbed and selfish. what is remarkable about the way these themes are handled is that they are clearly based on an assessment of human psychology, long before that field was established. the book is also remarkable for its many indelibly memorable and complex characters. miss havisham, pip, magwitch, mr. jaggers, and estella are certainly some of the most complex characters ever created by dickens.though a novel founded on philosophic concepts, the story is full of action to keep the plot moving. an escaped convict, an attempted murder, and a mysterious benefactor all add to the sense of mystery that exists throughout most of the novel and forces the reader to continue. murder, deceit, jealously, and revenge also help to hold the attention of the reader while dickens explores the depths of human nature.as you read great expectations, raise your expectations (sorry, i couldn\'t help myself) to assume that you will receive answers to any dangling thread. every detail is important, if not to solve the mysteries of the characters then only to enhance the "sense of place." although the england described here is long gone, it becomes as immediate as a nightmare or a dream that you have just awakened from.this story by dickens is a must-read and deserves five-stars.\n', 0], ['i wrote a paper on global crises for a senior college class emphasising corporate and political greed using the film who killed the electric car as a case study. this book proved very helpful indeed. i knew i needed to find some junk on oil companies, motor companies, and politicians. when i looked through the index i was pleased: many car and oil companies were listed in the index, and i was confident that since huffington has nothing positive to say in this book that i would procure an excellent arsenal for my paper.\n', 0], ['i love the way that this book kept my interest and ended way different than i expected. it was very well written.\n', 0], ['this book is not about ogopogo, the mystery creature of canada\'s lake okanagan. the creature does not even make an appearance in this story. it is an okay murder mystery, but based upon the way it is packaged i was sorely disappointed.also, the author fills the second half of the book with "facts" about ogopogo and the creature candidates that may actually exist within okanagan and other lakes throughout canada. almost all his facts are in serious error.\n', 0], ['i have just got the book and i have read a couple of pages of the book and it sounds like a good book. see my brother was the first to read the book and he said that it was one of the most best books he has read.\n', 0], ["having read hell's angels, a strange and terrible saga at least eight times starting in 1968, i never cease to be amazed at the criticisms leveled against it in the ensuing years, the major one being that it's not a fear and loathing book. i'm pretty sure it was originally a (very) long article written for the nation magazine. the nation ain't rolling stone, kids. if you are coming to this book expecting hunter's usual blend of fact, fiction, and hallucinations, you will be sorely disappointed. &quot;gonzo journalist&quot; though he is, the operative part there was journalist. he had, after all, developed a rather strong food habit since birth, and had no desire to kick it. he explores the angels' mystique by letting them provide the history, their then current attitudes, and their lives as outlaws outside the system. he then blends research and his observations gleaned from riding with them for the better part of a year into the mix, producing a riveting book.since the recent death of marlon brando, his movie the wild one has gained a new audience; it is in fact based on an incident hunter chronicles in this book, the rape of hollister. oddly, nothing remotely similar to the movie happened there, and some other legendary &quot;motorcycle riots&quot; such as the one at laconia, new hampshire, weren't initially riots at all, and certainly didn't involve the angels, though the media portrayed these events as the brink of armageddon and gave middle america yet another &quot;dangerous group running wild in their midst,&quot; something else to freak over in addition to communists hiding under every rock.the angels became, over time, what people expected them to be. hunter recognized this transformational quality in his own profession: if other reporters, from respected national magazines, could make up stories or at least embellish them enough to freak people out, he could do it better! what you will find in hell's angels is great reporting, an unflinching look at real wildness and personal risk, and the genesis of what would become hunter's trademark style.if for no other reason, fans of tom wolfe, ken kesey, or the &quot;beats&quot; (including the real &quot;dean moriarty&quot; from on the road, still alive at the time, still driving, and hanging out with the pranksters) should read this book for the legendary acid test at kesey's place at la honda when hunter and the angels showed up (by invitation, as kesey was burning to meet them). in a singularly rare occurrence, we find two journalists just before they became instant icons writing about the same private party, rather than, say an inauguration, or awards ceremony, or some other public spectacle; the &quot;public&quot; was definitely not invited to la honda. compare hunter's account of that weekend with the one that appears in the electric kool aid acid test; you might just be surprised by who is the more &quot;legitimate&quot; writer.i obviously love this book and highly recommend it, but again, it isn't fear and loathing with the hell's angels; it's far too serious a situation for that, as you will discover upon reading it. (and if that idea somehow still escapes you, watch gimme shelter, the great maysles brothers' documentary of the stones free concert at altamont; if that doesn't do it, go down to your local biker bar and kick over a few choppers; you'll deserve what you get.)\n", 0], ['cornelia funke hooked me from the first sentence. i teach fifth graders and can confidently recommend dragon rider as a great read. in fact, i plan on taking this story and expanding its theme into our language arts unit on character. wonderful, spell-binding story telling at its finest. thanks, cornelia.\n', 0], ['this book is full of great recipes whether you have diabetes or not. i have many many favorite recipes from this book. most are easy to prepare.great book and i would highly recommend it.\n', 0], ["i just started reading the dr. duvall series, but i love it!! i think it is the best historical women's series since dr. quinn. i look forward to reading the rest of the books\n", 0], ['the good: the active contents works. the bad: words are broken up - not even with hyphens. this makes reading difficult.\n', 0], ['a few noteworthy quotes from other sources:"a useful reference work whose 300 superb colour photographs highlight the major biblical sites and archaeological discoveries, period by period." - jerusalem post"packed with fascinating items, pictured in colour and described by scholar and archaeologist alan millard." - herald express"quite simply, the best photographs to illustrate the bible story. the result is quite breath-taking. the book travels in time from a photo of the paradise between the tigris and the euphrates, to a shot of the earliest surviving fragment of the gospels, ad 125-50. in between are 300 pictures showing not only the places where biblical events took place, but also numerous artifacts dating from each period." - christian weekly newspapers"there are helpful maps, a splendid range of colour photographs and diagrams... the pictures will really help students of all ages to appreciate the historical, geographical and archaeological background to the bible." - religious education media review\n', 0], ["after struggling to manage my sanity this past summer during intensive elementary greek (a full year of college-level greek somehow crammed into a convenient six week course), i began searching for a solid lexicon several months ago while intermediate prose was becoming increasingly demanding. after some deliberation, i decided to purchase this title rather than the little liddell. because i am certainly no doctoral candidate (although i aspire to be), i did not even consider the unabridged big liddell. while the little liddell is, well, littler and thus would have been a bit more convenient to cram into a bag and lug around, none from this set are exactly a pocket dictionary. furthermore, i believe the little only costs seven dollars less than the middle liddell. i could not be happier with my decision, and it has turned out that the extra seven dollars was well spent indeed. there have been several times in class in the past few months alone that the students equipped with the little liddell have been unable to find a certain word. obviously i can't speak for them nor can i say for certain that the lexicon, and not laziness, is to blame, but the little liddell seeems to have been cut back a bit too far. there will probably come a time when i will need to invest in the big eight pounder, but i imagine, even then, that the middle liddell will be more used and as invaluable as it is now.\n", 0], ['another good read for any one interested in the history of the american indian and the ruthless government strategies of getting what they wanted for the white man,no matter what the cost or who got in the way. mainly the indians. they were cheated out of their lands by the lying of government agents & the military. they were accused of murdering & raiding the white man\'s cattle & homestead, while they were deprived of food & clothing promised them by the government. the agents assigned to them were crooked & ruthless. i can sympathized with them. look what is happening in this country today. but the bible says, "god is not mocked, he sees & does not forget what one man does to another out of greed."\n', 0], ['this is an excellent in-depth look into a fascinating character in history. rev. dr. day brings her usual depth of understanding to queen esther and helps us to understand the different historical perspectives.i recommend this well-written intelligent resource.\n', 0], ["le cordon bleu is the most famous culinary arts institute in the world, offering courses in schools around the world: it's also famous for classic french dishes which typically require in-depth cooking skills and lots of time. cooks who want the flavor without the prep hours will thus welcome le cordon bleu quick & easy: a set of recipes which minimize shopping and prep times while retaining the classic french-flair cuisine features. from pan-fried scallops with mango and salsa to thai chicken with peppers, both french and international flavors blend in delicate sauces and spices. blend in lovely color photos and you have a real winner.\n", 0], ['first in a fantastic series! am waiting for book #17 of the series to be published. i highly recommend to all.\n', 0], ["overall, i enjoyed reading &quot;who killed blanche dubois?&quot; but i felt the character of meredith was a bit unrealistic. there were also a few other minor irritations in the book - some mis-spellings; two policemen in chapter 4 who stood &quot;behind the docket&quot; (look it up); and an error regarding morgan horses - the man's name was justin morgan, not john, and a bit of web searching (took me all of three minutes) will show you that he did not breed the horse. the mystery itself was interesting enough to overcome these small shortcomings, and i plan to read the next in the series.\n", 0], ["this novel of historical fiction takes readers into the dark and mysterious life of marie laveau, an infamous new orleans voodooienne. the third in a line of maries, she joins a legacy of spirituality and voodoo. raised by her grandmother, marie has no memories of her real mother and longs to find her and learn of her life. but grandmother forbids it, and wants to shield her from the evils of voodoo; she doesn't want to see marie make the same mistakes as her mother did. they move from their home in the bayou, and marie meets jacques, a handsome sailor who loves her immediately. grandmere encourages the union, and eventually the two marry. but marie cannot escape her fate, and in the ultimate act of rebellion, marie deserts both her new husband and her grandmother to fall into the arms of the charismatic john, who longs to help marie fulfill her destiny as a voodoo queen. a self-proclaimed king in his african homeland, john is greedy, vicious and cruel. and in a surprising twist, marie discovers that he was also her mother's lover....so how can john look so young? dominated and controlled by john, marie discovers within herself that voodoo does indeed live...only to find that john is both jealous and demented, making him and those loyal to him very dangerous indeed.......set in the 1800s, the brutality of slavery and the oppression of an entire people in louisiana makes for difficult reading. add to that the practice of voodoo and all that it encompasses---sacrifice, slaughter, blood and faith....and what you have is a novel of mysticism and mystery that for me remains unsurpassed.dyb\n", 0], ['this book saved my sanity!!. i spent two years trying to figure someone out. up was down, black was white. she changed her moods as often as you change the channel. i continually took responsibility and apologized thinking i could get back the girl i once knew. this book taught me that that is the absolutely worst thing to do to an emotional blackmailer. it just empowers them to abuse you more. while i knew the relationship had soured, i did not know why or what happened. i thought i would spend the rest of my life wondering where i went wrong. through this book, found someone who was admittedly insecure and stubborn to be a master manipulator and controller. and learned that it was not my responsibilty nor was it possible to "fix" her. she knew how emotionally attached i was and purposely became distant. while the book tells of strategies to deal with someone who is an emotional blackmailer, i feel liberated and confident that my decision to end the madness and the relationship was correct. thank you susan forward, i am forever in your debt.\n', 0], ['it is difficult to find the information you are looking for.\n', 0], ['as i began the first chapter of this book, i thought i had made a mistake in purchaing it. it started off kind of "goody-goody" sounding and written for young adults. but i gave it a chance, and it paid off. as i got further into the book, i was hooked. i fell in love with the characters and kept turning the page to see what would happen next. it\'s a classic story for every woman. i enjoyed it so much i bought it for my 8-year-old cousin.the story is essentially about 4 sisters as they grow up. each sister is unique, with different ideas and priorities. "watching" them grow up through out the book is entertaining and heart-warming.\n', 0], ['"a streetcar named desire" is one of tennessee williams\' signature plays that has propelled his reputation and made him into a household name. the play deals with a culture clash between two iconic characters, blanche dubois, a fading relic of the old south, and stanley kowalski, a rising member of the industrial, urban working class. their gender and ethnic differences also feature prominently, and are a source of lot of tension throughout the play. setting the play in new orleans adds to the colorfulness of characters and situations, and the title of the play is a reference to a particular tram line in that city. all of the characters in this play are very developed, and their oversized passions and outbursts are extremely entertaining to follow. the play has a quality of a train wreck, and we are simultaneously attracted to the scenes and appalled by their over-the-top shenanigans. the play appears as fresh as when it was originally written over sixty years ago, and reading or watching it is a pleasure.\n', 0], ['i made the mistake of reading trading up before i read this..it follows one of the blondes..janey wilcox on her quest for mr right!!**( sorry mr rich**!) while this was not too bad, four blondes is a complete waste of time and money!!four pieces of utter drivel...a real disappointment.......\n', 0], ['this has been one of my favorite books since i was a child. now my daughter can do a book report on it for honors english as well.\n', 0], ['this is a good book for someone just learning about gluten free eating. it is basic and easy to understand.\n', 0], ['..this is a classic - and in every meaning of the word great..i bought two copies and gave one to a friend that never heard of harvy.they are now as big a fan as i am\n', 0], ['joseph heller\'s novel "catch-22" takes place during war. american twentieth century literature that shares with its readers the truthful anecdotes of people\'s lives in the war. i think that was the best part of the book was the humor and irony. the book brought life in a time of death and war. even in the seriousness of war, this book manages to poke fun at the craziness of people\'s lives. it showed how the people that we consider great war heroes are not always as they seem.here are these great war heroes doing various missions, trying to claim insanity so that they do not have to fly. if it was not for the idea of catch-22, they would all have been landed. not to mention how many times yossarian lied he was sick to go back into the hospital. then there is the great leader cathcart who freely volunteers his men for missions all the time. there is also the fact that the war heroes of this book are so flawed in their own character. or when we think of war heroes, we do not think of the trauma people go through in war. yossarian did not wear his clothes for the longest time bcause he could not handle the blood that was shed on his friends clothes that died during flihgt.another thing that stood out was the format of the book. every chapter seemed to have a new character with a new and exciting story. "catch-22" really jumped around a lot. even though it could be a little bit confusing at times, the book still managed to make sense and get its point across it was nice to read to the end and see how everything had come together. joseph heller really managed to make every section of the book connect and smooth over in the end.\n', 0], ["phillip yancy's book answers so many of the questions we all have when trouble strikes. as care ministers for our church, we meet with people in their times of trouble. this bible based book is just what we need in our ministry to god's dear children..\n", 0], ["loved it. can't wait to read them lord of the rings trilogy. even better the second time i read it!\n", 0], ['filled with action and the fun of dwarves, elves, goblins, the hobbit bilbo, gandalf the grey bearded wizard, and the dragon !!\n', 0], ['i read this book once in middle school and now again before the movie comes out. i can only say i loved the book than and love it again now. now i hope the movie does it justice.\n', 0], ['this book was amazing! i would recommend everyone to read it! defiantly a book that i would love to read again. such a page turner :)\n', 0], ['this book was just too childish. i heard that it was a timeless classic, so i payed a whopping $12 which could have easily better spent. for an adult to enjoy this novel is just beyond my belief. i am 14 myself and after reading it it was plainly ment for parents to read to their 6 or 7 year olds as they fall asleep. with such childish names almost always ryming with another (example: dwalin and balin, and also the very childish name of bilbo) i would only purchase this book if i had someone i knew about 6-8 years old just to read it to them\n', 0], ["i have read this book 4 or 5 times and still love it. i'm waiting to see if the movie does it justice. i will read it again after seeing the movie.\n", 0], ['thanks, brian, for portraying jeff as a human being. this book brought tears to my eyes. all poor jeff needed was to be loved and feel special.i wish i had contacted jeff, but, hindsight is always 20/20.rip, jeff, with love\n', 0], ["this was my first miss marple mystery but by no means my first christie book. i have enjoyed the different way in which the sharp mind worked over hercule poirot's genius but truth be told, miss marple as good as she was didn't appear in the book too often. this was also the time i figured out who the murderer was, more likely because i have read a lot of agatha and knew her to be a trickster when it came to fooling the reader but also partially due to clues given out fairly this time. the final answer made total sense and there were a few things that were twisted and few truths were new to me but overall it all came together , so those who pay attention can figure it out.murder is announced - in deed it is, in a local gazette that everyone reads in chipping cleghorn. when everyone assumes it's some sort of a party they get a huge surprise that a murder does take place and one of the attendees is somehow responsible. i will not give anything else away but the story has a great setting and there are tons of clues. i felt like a grand detective reading all the accounts and enjoyed the old-fashioned talk and mannerisms. the house of letitia blacklock has been violated and her closest friends, neighbors and family members are the only ones who could have dipped their fingers in the dark pool of death. miss marple enters the book and shines some light on interesting family relations and past that wants to be forgotten with a few unlucky turns for some of the members of the party. when more deaths happen the police know they must act quickly or there won't be anyone left.the only problem i had with the book was the amount of characters; my head was spinning and i was dizzy trying to gather them all up in my mind. the names were also similar and long some making me a bit batty but overall i enjoyed the book and loved the cozy setting marred with chilling death hiding in the dark corridors of the blacklock house. i do recommend this but it left me with a bit of a headache at the end and i was anticipating the ending to finally come and bring my brain some relief. murder is nasty business and christie knew how to work it to her advantage.- kasia s.\n", 0], ["this is definitely a book i'd be interested in reading. the first chapter is very interesting, and it getsbthe reader going.\n", 0], ['if you truly want to understand reality, read this book. it rationally explains all facets of our existense. if you\'re familiar with the movie " the matrix ", douglas vogt is the real-life morpheus. can you handle the "truth" he has to offer, neo ? i first read it 20+ years ago, and have yet to find a single flaw in it\'s logic. it is said that when we die, a great being of light asks us two questions: have we gained knowledge and have we learned to love others ? the knowledge in this book has to be the "truth" we\'re all here to learn, eventually.\n', 0], ["although it took me a while to really get started on the book, after a few chapters, i was hooked! it's a story about what was an ideal family living an ideal life in monroe, massachusetts, when all of a sudden, their lives are changed when you start to uncover details of the husband's past. it is a very compelling novel and is one of those what-will-happen-next books. it sort of leaves you hanging, like there was supposed to be another chapter at the end, which was the only thing i disliked. i'd recommend this book to anyone who wants to read a very moving novel!\n", 0], ['i found this book quite confusing at first, as you are just thrown into the situation and most of the story is disclosed through a narrative by the housemaid to a new tenant. i\'m also just starting to get used to the way people were referred to back in those times. one character can wear many names: miss earnshaw, miss catherine, missy, cathy, mrs. linton; makes it appear there are five characters right there instead of just one. although i did eventually figure out that cathy was actually catherine\'s daughter, but i still have a hard time keeping characters straight in classic books.while i probably wouldn\'t classify this book as a page turner, when i do set it down, i don\'t set it down for long. i often can\'t wait to pick it up and hear more of the story, hoping it will all makes sense eventually. one is told the characters at the present time of the book, the housekeeper starts her story with a completely different situation, and as the story unfolds i cannot help but wonder what could possibly transpire to get the cast of characters where they are "today".i\'m torn between hatred of heathcliff and pity. was he heartless because he was a scoundrel or because his heart had been broken to bits?i still find it hard to understand dialogue when it is spelled phonetically based on the character\'s speech patterns. mark twain is also known for doing this. i find it easiest to read these passages aloud and pray my family doesn\'t think i am nuts. but still i found that i couldn\'t understand a word that joseph said. the gist of what i did get from him, he probably wasn\'t saying anything very nice anyhow. it doesn\'t seem that he had ever heard the adage "if you can\'t say something nice, don\'t say anything at all". i\'d have sacked his sorry butt and sent him packing if i had been lord of the manor.is it just me or were people more apt to fall ill back then? the housekeeper/narrator had been out in the rain and gotten her feet wet. as a result she was bed ridden for three weeks. jane bennet, in pride and prejudice, was sick for months after getting caught in the rain. one could argue that we have better doctors today, though i\'m not sure i would agree, or that they didn\'t have nyquil back then. personally, i often get caught in the rain without need of either a visit to my general quacktitioner or over the counter cold medicines. there were other illnesses where the cause of which seemed strange to me, but i don\'t want to go into specifics for fear of giving away too much of the book.one thing i found humorous, the main female character compares a situation in her life to a passage in another book which i just finished.\n', 0], ['this edition is the first i have ever read, im sure there are better ones out there. however i enjoyed this book thoroughly. it was a little hard to understand the text as im not used to way things were written back then, but overall it was a very good read.\n', 0], ['i read this page turner in what felt like a matter of moments. i really enjoyed the different styles of writing getting three books in one. although, the topic was the same i loved the different tone and feel each author had to offer. this book makes us all feel like winning the lottery is within our scope. i going to play my pick-it right now.\n', 0], ["there is only one negative thing to say about this book. why is it paperback? it's beautifully done. i am just afraid my kids will tear it up and hardback is more kid proof. odom, go hardback next time but go. looking forward to more soon.\n", 0], ["don't believe the hype. this book is overrated at best, a exploitative and stereotypical cliche at worst.\n", 0], ['haddon has created an utterly unique book that draws its reader in and doesn\'t let go. this novel provides a clear window in to the brain of an incredibly intelligent autistic teenager, via an intriguing and meandering story. the novel switches back and forth between the plot and main character christopher\'s genius tangents, and while at times i got impatient with his tangents, and just wanted the story to progress, i always ended up finding his ramblings remarkable. at first it was difficult to wrap my mind around what haddon was trying to accomplish with this book, but soon found myself fully engaged and in love with "the curious incident of the dog in the night-time".as this it truly a book that many will love, i will be passing it on to my friend who is a special needs teacher, and to my husband who is an engineer and will love the charming math topics!grade: b+\n', 0], ["whenever i read amazon reader reviews i am amazed by the contrasts. how can a book evoke such opposite responses? i found &quot;a gesture life&quot; too distanced to be really enjoyable. i read the whole thing because it was considered by the new yorker magazine to be on of 1999's five best novels. i would have to disagree. i simply could not connect to any of the characters. i recommend &quot;disgrace,&quot; by jm coetze (booker prize winner for 1999) to anyone who wants to be really, deeply touched by the portrait of a man and his daugter.\n", 0], ['grisham strikes again, but not as hard as usual. in this book, he just does not offer as much of a puzzle to be enjoyed by the reader as he usually does. the story does not really capture you, and as a result, leaves you wondering why you are trying to get through a book that really is not as good as it could have been. it just kind of drones on and on for a while before it gets to be the least bit interesting, but when it does it can draw you in. however, that is only the last forth of the book. otherwise, it is very, very slow. if you are a fan, you can expect enjoy this book, but if you are not you might be bored. this may even lead you to question why you are reading this author, but you should try other titles before you jump to the conclusion that he is overhyped. anyway, get it if you are a real grisham fan, but try another title if you are not.\n', 0], ["i didn't get the score i liked on your test, so i resubmitted and got 12 of 12 after i saw your answers! pretty cool, huh? then i printed it out and will show it to someone who keeps calling me dumb!\n", 0], ["for some reason, all the songs in the book are missing from this free kindle book. in at least one case, a song was the punchline at the end of a chapter, so it is a major flaw. i solved the problem by downloading the free epub version of pickwick papers and converting it to amazon's mobi format using the free calibre program.\n", 1], ['the left turn is the most dangerous for an automobile since it involves two different streams of traffic. this is jls\' humorous history in a very serious agency. the television series "the fbi" was phony; the only inspectors he knew were those who investigated fbi employees (p.8), could the show have ended after j edgar hoover\'s death because hoover could no longer pull strings?after graduating with an ma in english, ww ii veteran jls applied for a job as clerk in washington; jobs were scarce in texas. he was accepted, and showed up late. (he had learned one thing in the army: never admit a mistake or oversight.) his story of getting on the wrong bus worked! jls attended college in the morning, then worked 1 to 10pm. chapter 2 tells how he got promoted - by applying for another job! most employees would report any word or deed that suggested disloyalty to the director. (there are other places like this.) page 42 tells of a farewell party for a sac which ended his career. was he set up by a rival?chapter 5 warns you to be careful in your compliments! chapter 6 tells of the importance of being ignorant. was there a scandal in your office? "i\'ve been too busy doing my work to pay attention to office gossip." chapter 7 tells of the metropolitan life insurance weight tables and how they were applied to agents. one solution was to extend height or enlarge frames - on paper. one agent knew the difference between perception and reality. were these tables ever scientifically validated? there were two items in the news recently: obesity is at an all time high, and so is life expectancy! isn\'t science wonderful?chapter 13 tells of a visit by j edgar hoover to senator lyndon b johnson in texas. there was quite a lot of behind the scenes activity. this would not occur in other government agencies because of civil service regulations. maybe high-level officers in some corporations could tell similar stories? i wonder if this will be repeated at homeland security in the future? chapter 14 tells how the bureau catered to every whim of the director, from toilets to television sets. does absolute power corrupt absolutely? after i read about j edgar hoover in the 1950s "readers digest", i was disappointed to discover the reality afterwards. chapter 15 tells of the personal concerns of hoover. anyone who wanted a promotion had to see him for his personal approval. there were no guarantees; some whim could result in condemnation to the field. when clarence kelley took over, one of his first actions was to send administrators into the field, and replace them with men from the field. this gave knowledge and experience to all; the administrators could live by their rules.i guess any police chief must rule with an iron hand. could it help if this ruler has a trusted, loyal friend or relative who could serve as a counselor to filter opinions for feedback? the one substantive fault in the lack of any mention of the events of november 1963.\n', 0], ['young people may find it corny, but older adults will delight in the adventures of a "lost boy" in a caring community (before social workers) and his adventures with the neighboring children. all the elements of old-fashioned story-telling: a crippled lad, a rich lady with horses, a day at the circus, the "stolen" money. this reprint has a lot of typos which, in a strange way, adds an authentic "feel" of the times.\n', 0], ["this is the first novel i read of dick's, and i must say i enjoyed it very much. i was very engrossed in it all the way to the end. i did, however, have mixed feelings about the way the novel ended -it felt like dick resolved the plot a little too quickly, but the ending was good nonetheless. i would recommend this book to any sci-fi fan.\n", 0], ['walker percy is the greatest american novelist of the later half of the 20th century. why? because he understood the mind of the character and placed him in a an existential conundrum which we all share as part of our own dna. we become the character because the placement in a particular situation is compelling and real. in effect it is commonplace and ordinary. now, in 1961 wp beat out salinger and heller as a last minute entry by his publisher. sometimes chance has a way of making the world just a little bit brighter. a great book.\n', 0], ['for somebody interested in art, a book with many pictures is easy to read and enjoy.\n', 0], ['peter t. pugliese, md has written a clear, concise no-nonsense approach to advanced skin care. a great book for the aesthetician. his seminars are as great as his books and his approach to aging is to the point! if you are an aesthetician or studying to become one you will love this book as well as his other books!\n', 0], ['i found the read to be very enjoyable with humour, pathos. the characters were a great mix and jelled well. i will be reading more of this author.\n', 0], ['like many, my exposure to "gulliver\'s travels" has been in children\'s adaptations of the first section, the voyage to lilliput. i had seen cartoons and live action adaptations, but i had never read the actual book. well, i figured it was time."gulliver\'s travels" is so much more than a story of a big man amongst little people. an allegory for the inane struggles of the catholics and protestants, the citizens of lilliput are in a continual war against blefuscu, a conflict originating over which side of an egg should be opened first, the small or the big. gulliver, a powerful giant amongst these people, cannot help but see their struggles as amusing and pointless. in a reversal, his next journey finds him a tiny person amongst giants, and as he explains the politics and society of his home country of england, he is forced to consider them also quaint and insignificant.next he encounters the flying island of laputa, and a culture entirely devoted to useless science, studies that advance nothing more than information and do not involve the lives of the citizens. this was an allusion to the royal academy of science, and its pursuits far from the lives of ordinary people.finally, and most impactfully, are the yahoos and the houyhnhnms, a race of intelligent horses and bestial humans. in a story that clearly inspired "planet of the apes," gulliver is forced to confront the baser nature of his own humanity, and is forever shaken by the encounter.gulliver becomes increasingly dismayed with humanity as the book continues, until he can no longer tolerate the touch of his own wife, so disgusted he is by what it means to be human. the story is bleak, and offers no hope of redemption. it is a dense work as well, with long political diatribes and ruminations on society.a far cry from the pleasant children\'s story that i was expecting, and a very good book overall. i can see why it is considered a classic.\n', 0], ["an idea-indexed thesaurus is the most fascinating and useful word tool i know. the alphabetical organization is useful too, but i find it more efficient to use the computer for that kind of search (e.g. the roget-based 'synonyms' in ms bookshelf). since i'm more often looking for neighboring ideas than for synonyms, the organization of the category list is critical. unfortunately, that is where the recent editions (5th and 6th) have badly botched things. roget's original categorization was simple and conceptually clear - the high level groupings were very general (abtract relations, space, intellect, emotions, etc.) and fit well together. the clean, hierarchical organization was easy to navigate and worth contemplating in its own right - clearly the product of a very powerful mind.this architecture was improved on in the subsequent editions, up to the 4th. but the 5th edition, instead of just modernizing the vocabulary, introduced a poorly thought out scheme (also used by the 6th) where, e.g., something as general as 'natural phenomena' is on the same level as 'sports and amusements', and most of the abstract concepts are thrown together into a single huge category, 'the mind and ideas'...many people won't care about this at all, but if you spend a lot of time with the category list, you may end up annoyed enough to go back to the 4th edition, which is what i did.\n", 0], ["i expected a good story from katherine kurtz, the author of the deryni books that i've enjoyed so much. and this book does have the attention to historical detail that i expected. too much, in fact: there are several lengthy scenes depicting masonic rituals that read as if kurtz just wanted to show off her research.overall i was very disappointed. the characters were unconvincing and seemed like they were just going through their paces, and i never cared about any of them; there was never any real sense of urgency to the story; kurtz spends way too much time *telling* what happens instead of showing us what happens; and basically, i didn't see any real *plot*, at least not one that caught my interest! those few aspects that seemed intriguing -- the nature of the master, for instance -- are the ones that are least delved into.it may be worthwhile reading if you're avidly interested in u.s. history, particularly of the american revolution; but if you're just looking for an entertaining story, i'd pass it by. i feel bad giving this book only one star -- it's not *badly* done, exactly -- but frankly, i only finished it out of a sense of duty.\n", 0], ['d.c. electric cars only get about 40 miles on average per charge. this book still promotes the d.c. electric car.it has no new noteworthy info on how to get down the road in an a.c. induction multi phase motored car. no gains in the new edition compared to the old. new cover same old story.\n', 0], ['after seeing the reviews for the original version of the book, i hoped the second edition would be a major improvement. if it is, then i thank god i didn\'t buy the original!there is no doubt the book tries hard, despite the fact that it jumps around and often leaves you hanging with unanswered questions. it has useful information, and definitely teaches it\'s subject, but i just can\'t accept this book\'s errors.people who are not particularly critical may not worry about it too much, but i am not in that category. i am an ex-professional programmer, software tester and manual writer, and would have thought that accuracy was important in anything involving electricity.there appear to be errors right through this book. for example, a 100k ohm resistor later turns into a 20m ohm one without comment. at one point i was convinced that a particular paragraph was in the wrong chapter entirely. i won\'t waste time listing everything i found, but will leave you with the following rather freudian example:the final sentence of lesson 29 in section 9 says "but figure l29-2 offers hope." as you may have guessed, figure 29-2 doesn\'t exist...\n', 0], ['this book gave me the chills and brought me to tears with its very personal and terrifying account of the unthinkable horrors of the holocaust. not since the pianist have i read such a detailed factual memoir. read it with a box of kleenex.\n', 0], ["the most remarkable thing about this writer is his capacity to raise such monumental questions about faith and existence in so few pages. his ability to affect so many emotions with so little prose is impressive, to say the least. in addition to night, some of my favorite works by elie wiesel include the accident, a grim revealing of the holocaust which fluctuates between the past and present lives of a single protagonist; much like twilight, another one of my favorites by this author. one could effectively compare any of wiesel's works as his themes are rather typical and central to his inability to be silenced. he is of his work; therefore, his tenure as an author of the holocaust will prove to be everlasting.\n", 0], ['i was given this book by a friend who knows i enjoy reading. as i started the book i thought i had some idea of the trajedies and horrors of the holocaust. i never imagined the personal horror until i read this mans book. i thought i understood the pain and anguish of the jewish people, i never imagined the "inner pains" that many of the survivors carry to this day.i couldnt put the book down. i had to finish it thinking something positive would come at the end. but only death came; and not soon enough for some. it wasnt until i read elie\'s acceptance speach at the ozlo awards ceromony did i fully understand the need for this book. truly we are all prisoners if one innocent is imprisoned. and we can only measure our freedom by the freedom of others.\n', 0], ['because i have a love for all things history, and because oprah is a goddess, i had to pick-up the latest oprah\'s book club book, night. sure, i\'ve read the diary of anne frank, and watched tv specials on the jewish holocaust, but i haven\'t ever read or heard a detailed account of one person\'s horrific struggle of surviving the holocaust.the word "history" tends to lend an idea of seperation, as if something written in textbooks could not happen now, as it happened "so long ago." the truth is, the holocaust only began a little over 70 years ago, and many people have memories of the 1930\'s & 40\'s. yet, already, the individual struggles of the holocaust have already been overshadowed by the large scale idea of the holocaust (not the details), devaluing the girls, boys, women, and men that lived their last days starving, scared, beatened, and then burned alive. people forget how the cruel and deplorable conditions that masses of individuals lived in for so long - if they lived at all.people think of the holocaust and most-often picture crematoriums, starvation, and tattoo-bearing prisoners (and even the prisoners are seen as a number, not at individual human beings). people think of the holocaust on a large scale, the sheer waste of it all, the absolute disgusting nature of almost eradicating an entire race. people also think of the holocaust, and instead of remembering the millions of jews that died as a result of extreme racism, they think of hitler, the man responsible for it all. shouldn\'t we think of the little girl who was burned after being ripped away from her mother, the babies used for target practice, or the old man mauled to death over a piece of stale bread?night forces one to focus on the struggle of one single boy, from losing his faith in god to losing faith in himself. it exposes exactly what it was like to live through the holocaust as an individual, not as people. elie wiesel, the author, conveys his emotions and actions, his regrets, and his losses in a way that will make even the most cold-hearted person shed tears. it\'s a short read, but well worth it.\n', 0], ["i thought this book was really interesting! when i read this book, i felt like i was alex rider. it's action packed and i would love to read it over and over. i hope stormbreaker and skeleton key will be as great as this one! if you ever read this, hope you like it.\n", 0], ["i took a chance when buying this book 2 weeks before final exams and it helped my pass my exam. although i'm just a 1st year nursing student i love this book and have found it easy to use and easy to understand, it helps break everything down. this book is a must have for nursing students and i'm glad i took a chance!!\n", 0], ["if you are a patterns buff you will probably love this book. it takes a gang of four design patterns approach to various types of testing, starting with unit testing in the abstract, but then covering use of mock objects, test database, exception testing and other areas. it's a wide coverage area but the patterns remain fairly abstract. for those of a more pragmatic mind you should look at manning's junit recipes.\n", 0], ['a hilariously funny novel by a young writer thoroughly out of touch with the mainstream. set in a time when detachment was easy and even encouraged. a thoroughly enjoyable satire by evelyn waugh for fans and students.\n', 0], ['i was under the impression that this book came with two cds that i needed for my course; that is why i bought it new. maybe i missed some fine print somewhere, that tells you the cds are not included. i was definitely disappointed in this area.\n', 0], ['i too wanted to love this book -- artemisia gentileschi is one of the most fascinating historical figures who is only recently getting &quot;her due.&quot; vreeland has written a decent enough book, but suffers from making her renaissance era character into a modern soap opera-worthy vixen. i give this book 3 stars only because the author already had so much to work with.....\n', 0], ["as a cfi i have numerous books in my aviation library. this book details flying in weather and the mindset required to be a safe and competent instrument pilot.recommeded to me by my instructor after i received my instrument rating i now recommend it to students and associates whenever the subject of flying in weather (or not flying in weather) comes up.i read northstar over my shoulder prior to buying this book so i had an understanding of captain buck's history and experience which added weight to the wisdom obvious in weather flying (buy that book too!)\n", 0], ['this book was just what my grandaughter needed to help her learn how to play the recorder. she loves it\n', 0], ["i got this book because of the included cd and because everyone was raving about how it held your hand as you went through the steep learning curve. well, the cd is next to worthless. it has pictures on it but finding the picture and putting it with the text is difficult.the text seems to be written for someone who already knows the ropes. he takes you through how he did something true, but why is never explained. example, &quot;set the radius to 4 pixels&quot;. what's the radius? and what does it do? he often uses keyboard shortcuts but doesn't explain where he got that info.as i said, i was looking for an introductory book--this ain't it.\n", 0], ["i bought the recent editition of the book. i found it an interesting read and well worth the substantial investment.it's not a &quot;for dummies&quot; kind of text, however. it requires a *lot* of reading to get a handle on the whole purpose. arnold really hammers home his main points (however correct or incorrect they may be is clearly in contention).i found that the advice is generally sensible. i recommend that you:1) read it through first. skip the competition sections if they don't interest you.2) don't take his recommended workouts at face-value. arnold sets these, presumably for himself as a 15 year old in graz.3) consult with your local gym. trust them.4) don't be afraid to experiment with the deep range of exercises presented, but understand that the instructions for these exercises are brief and need expansion by someone at your gym.i've done quite well so far from the book; it may be because i have a highly anabolic family heritage (big, tall, solid, hairy) and because i am at a hormonal peak (18), but i'm doing quite well from the advice in the book, thankyou.ps: the photos of you in various movies were just self-indulgent, arnold. drop them, yeah?\n", 0], ["an amazing read! i truly enjoyed it, i suffered through it, along with the author. it is an amazing book, and definitely on my re-reading list! it's much better if you read it in spanish, if you can.\n", 0], ["this book about weight training and bodybuilding is one of the best i have ever read. the best thing is that there are no photo's and endless literature references !. the information is very practical but sometimes to much. you can't espect to cover the book in one day. you have to read it over and over again to comprehend the full meaning of the text. but i certainly think that it is worth it. even if you are a experienced lifter or bodybuilder it is certainly worthwhile to buy it since it contains so much useful and true information especially about the basic lifts the squat, deadlift and bench press.\n", 0], ['this book was amazing, dont let anyone tell you otherwise. either u love it or you hate it, i guess. i want him to write some more books because this one was so good!\n', 0], ['i have been working out since i was seventeen years old. i am now forty years old. i did not make any real gains in my training until i turned about 32. for years i read bodybuilding magazines and followed all of their advise for nothing!!! it was not untill i read mcrobert\'s first book, brawn, that i put on 40 + pounds of muscle and gained the knowledge to take it even further.now "beyond brawn" is giving me even more productive advise so that i can take it even further than i previously thought i ever could.take it from someone who was stuck in a rut for more than a decade, this book will take you further than you ever thought possible. throw away those silly magazines with page upon page of steroid users - get this book!!!\n', 0], ["a powerful book about a man't struggle with conscience, the difficulty of taking action in the face of evil and the price one man paid to oppose hitler. what makes this book so moving is the internal struggle bonhoeffer wages as he confronts the moral necessity to take action against an immoral and corrupt system. this was a marvelous book - one of the best novels i've ever read. i highly recommend &quot;saints and villains.&quot;\n", 0], ['i started with this book in the series. when i found out that this was a series, i went out and bought the rest. the depth that the author went to was the best i have ever seen in some time. the research that went on must of taken some time. and then to weave a readable story around such things really captivates the reader. i sent these books to relatives who enjoy reading and got the same response.\n', 0], ['just some quick additional notes, based on others\' comments. these look like the same cards that my father (a college prof) used back in the 1960s. this would account for the fact that some idioms are dated, and that the accents are hand-written, since they had no word processors back then. the hot-lead linotype machines would not have had the necessary accents. the current publisher probably reprinted from existing plates, or used camera composition to make quick photo-offset printing plates. i\'m not trying to justify it or anything...further, any thicker card stock and you would have an even bigger & heavier box. ugh.as for using a dictionary, forget about it: your eye will "peek" at the english translation.all in all, still a good method for rigorous but occasional drill. daddy loved \'em, and had the spanish ones too. note: check out a french verb wheel (by cuthbertson) if you would like another handy gizmo.\n', 0], ['i read this book 10-12 yrs ago and have never forgotten it. i loaned the book to someone and never got it back. it was difficult to find again and i am so thankful i found it again on amazon. sadly enough it makes so much sense and the information can be verified. it is a major eye opener. it is frightening on one hand but on the other it gives us courage and strength at the end. i would be very interested in hearing from other readers.\n', 0], ["in high risk information based businesses people use names and reputations to make decisions. fashion and movies are two examples where the name &quot;aramani&quot; or &quot;julia roberts&quot; will make a product or company a success.in the &quot;new new thing&quot; lewis shows that this process has happened in the buying and selling of high tech companies (if not their products) and he shows how jim clark got rich based upon his reputation.the book gives a good and fairly candid view of clark. i felt that lewis kept his distance from the subject and avoided being swept up in the hype of clark driven companys. lewis's writing is fresh and enjoyable. the stories about how high tech companies get started and how vc's and engineers work together to create companies were interesting and informative.lewis focuses entirely on clark, so it is difficult to tell if clark's ability to make money based on his name is limited to him, or if there are others who are achieving the rock star status he has.overall well worth reading.\n", 0], ["i just finished my first book by daniel silva, the kill artist. it was the best book i have read in years! i could not put it down and was sorry when it was finished. the female lead (sarah/jacqueline/dominique) reminded me so much of charlie in le carre's little drummer girl, in the way she was deceived and led to do things by duplicitous men. i am now starting the confessor and hope it is even half as good. i plan to get all his books. so thankful there is another writer whose thriller/spy novels i can look forward to getting my hands on (like ludlum, forsythe, follet, etc.).\n", 0], ["i have been a long time fan of jl, i have tried to stay loyal, but i don't think i can take it any longer. her last few books have lacked the excitment that i look forward to, and this one made the decision for me. it is time to move on.\n", 0], ['ecotopia is a book filled with good ideas and intentions on how people should take care of the earth and themselves. the novel has a good plot and well done character development. ernest callenbach jumps from the different characters views to fast that it makes it hard to understand what is going on in a few places. for example one of the main characters named lou is inventing a new more powerful solar cell. she goes into great details on how she has made it, then it jumps over to a politician named vera allen who has come up with a new political party, with the help of some of her close friends, called the survivalists. the jumps in the book are just awkward.as the survivalist party is being introduced they come up with these so called "ten commandments", or laws that they think every one living should abide by. the most rediculous one is that we should abolish the use of cars, and rely solely on public transportation. i find it hard to believe that people in america would be willing to do so when so many commute to school or work everyday of the week.ernest callenbach\'s book ecotopia emerging was not a horrible book, but it was very unrealistic in what people like myself would be willing or unwilling to do.\n', 0], ['this book is heartwarming and mystical to its core. a philosophy that paulo coelho renders that may be interpreted differently by each reader. he writes in an exotic yet honest sincerity. the alchemist he meets teaches santiago many lessons, all of which he takes to heart. he meets many people along his journey to egypt that help him pursue his dream of making it to the pyramids. santiago is not a quitter and pushes on with all the obstacles he encounters. this was a great read for me. intellectually stimulating on all different facets. not sure if its for everyone because it does follow along the lines of a fable. would have to call it a hit or miss type of book.\n', 0], ["the book was described in a ''good'' condition and so it was when i got it in the mail :)\n", 1], ["not to exclude men, but every woman should pick up this book, because you won't put it down until it's finished! an amazing story of coming of age, female bonding, and victory over adversity - this one is a keeper!\n", 0], ["i enjoyed this book. it was good to read to pass the time. i wasn't super addicted like i have been with some books but overall it was good.\n", 0], ["always wanted to read this book, and i'm glad i did... it was a good story!\n", 0], ['the secret life of beesby sue monk kiddlily melissa owens is a 14-year-old white girl growing up in a peach infested county. her abusing father t. ray turns all her love and doting against her by punishing and making her kneel on grits, mutilating her knee caps, for the smallest things. lily snaps and runs away with her black housekeeper rosaleen. the setting of the story is very much the south carolina, known for its segregation and violent white policeman.when, lily runs away to tiburon, sc, the mysterious location written on the back of the only photo of her deceased mother, she finds the love she wanted for so long from the least likely person. lily dreams up a world of integrated and loving lifestyles between both black and white people when she realizes what love can be received when given. her snuff spitting nanny (per say) is taken in by the lovely boatwright family while lily is only accepted by august boatwright, the oldest of the three sisters. june, a husband-seeking woman, looses herself in the dead world she takes as her occupation (she plays the cello for deceased people). may, the youngest of the three, is known for her temper tantrums as she has difficulty in differentiating between her sorrows and others, the remedy of this mental problem is the wailing wall, located outside the boatwright home where she writes down her thoughts and sticks them in the crevices of the sorrowful hedge that keeps may in high spirits.the secret life of bees, the title both pulled me towards the book and also made it more interesting. the boatwright family is a group of beekeepers, who sell "black madonna" honey. the picture of the black mary is one of the small souvenirs that lily\'s mother left behind. this black madonna pulls lily to the home of the boatwright starting the tale of tales. august teaches lily how to work with the bees and live with them in harmony. most people believe that bees are horrid, painful creatures but to the boatwrights they are the beginning and generation of life, august helps lily by changing her prospect of bees and life.although the boatwright family doesn\'t believe the stories of a dead father and an aunt located in alexandria, their love and giving towards the young girl and older black woman is definitely a life-changing event. this book is one of the best fiction books i have ever read; kidd is a great a writer and i hope for other great novels to come. i totally believe that both teens and adults should read this novel, as it is exciting, sad and full of emotional roller coaster rides that make life as it is.\n', 0], ['i listen to audiobooks often (i have a long commute) and have never enjoyed one more than the secret life of bees. the reader is even better than jim dale in the harry potter series. her tone and feeling of the book is perfect and the accents are wonderful. the story is terrific and i think it is better enjoyed as an audiobook than actually reading the text.\n', 0], ['john dickson carr\'s mysteries tend to be very atmospheric, most especially his monsieur bencolin mysteries that take place in decadent, prewar europe. "the four false weapons" is set in and near paris, and the famous french detective bencolin is called out of retirement to solve the mystery of who killed the ageing `fille de joie\' rose klonec.it is no ordinary murder that brings the mephistophelean bencolin back as a consultant to the suret&eacute; g&eacute;n&eacute;rale. the scene of the crime is a plush love nest on the outskirts of paris where rose klonec had her midnight rendezvous with death. not one but four different murder weapons are found in the room with her corpse. the table is set for a feast. champagne abounds.bencolin must determine which one of her lovers or ex-lovers hated her enough to murder her---or was it a stranger, uninvited to the feast?john dickson carr assembles a dashing, dissolute group of suspects that includes a reformed playboy, a high-stakes gambler, and a beautiful, young woman whose father was hanged for murder. his bencolin mysteries always include the following:* a beautiful, neurasthenic young woman who at some point in the plot becomes the main suspect, and/or becomes convinced that she committed murder.* a square-jawed englishman who falls in love with the beautiful, but somewhat hysterical young woman. the englishman also serves as bencolin\'s foil and eagerly pursues all of the plot\'s red herrings.* a very complex mystery that usually involves a `locked room,\' false murder weapons, complicated time-tables, and air-tight alibis (at least for the villains).*a decadent, hot-house atmosphere, sometimes with a suggestion of the supernatural. unspeakable horror always lurks just down the dark, crimson-carpeted hall. all of the characters end up hyper-ventilating, not just the beautiful, young heroine.i read the john dickson carr mysteries for their atmosphere. there is no other author who has such a wonderful sense of the lurid. in "the four false weapons," he takes us to a 1920s parisian gambling club where only the very rich are invited to play. it is nicknamed the corpses\' club, and the game that its members play was invented for the noblemen in the court of louis, the sun king. vast sums can be won or lost at the turn of a single card. in this scene, the owner of the club, madame de la tours&egrave;che has just explained how the game of basset is played:"\'mesdames, messieurs, shall we play?\'"there was a dead silence."curtis [the square-jawed young englishman] had expected some outburst, some comment at least, as at the end of any explanation. there was none. the stocky little man sat and looked thoughtfully (hungrily, you might have said) at the edge of the green baize. the two women across the room were very still; but he heard the click of a purse being opened....beside this merry little invention of the court of louis the fourteenth, the stakes of even the greatest present-day gamblers looked like pennies. it was a long chance, of course. it was an almost inconceivable chance. but that is what makes chance itself." let the game begin! it is almost incidental that in the course of play, one of the suspects in the murder of rose klonec gives herself/himself away.\n', 0], ["this is contemporary american adventure: buy an suv, watch game shows based on lord of the flies, try the risotto recipe martha stewart used on her ascent in the himilayas. please! brazilian adventure is the real thing for those who don't own their own snowshoes. sure, the author and his companions set off with pith helmets worthy of ralph lauren and more elaborate gear than they'll ever use; true, fleming is something of a good old boy circa 1932 oxford style. skin to be shed. when reality hits, which it does early in the adventure and continues to the bedraggled end, he rises to the occasion. the narrative is suffused with clear-eyed wit, honesty and optimism. i hope there are other peter fleming books out there.\n", 0], ["i like books like this in the medical aspect of acupuncture, it has every thing i need to know. maybe it's price is too low to be real...i think it's a need for the serious student and for the old acupuncturist to remember the points and it's clinical relations on both western and eastern medicine.\n", 0], ["my husband and i really enjoy our family devotional time together as we read through each devotional and the lesson it offers. it's a lesson that as parents we are reminded to be loving and it teaches the child to become who god has asked us all to be, so that we can enjoy the blessings of being called his child. i highly recommend this devotional!\n", 0], ["i find it interesting to read about c.s. lewis' childhood, but it's not nearly as entertaining as the narnia series. i guess i should have expected it to be more factual and less enjoyable.\n", 0], ['sheep are not born overnight in the manger but are created over a period time measured in units called k thru 12. it may be that the great subservient maker knows it can always point out the fact that animal farm is allowed to be read by latter stage elementary or jr high compulsorees as a way to mask their true industry of sheepmaking.\n', 0], ["it's a wonderful book expressing the mood and feeling of the great war. of course its not like blackhawk was in the 50's when he was an indiana jones fighter.but the art and the tightly written stories just get better issue by issue. this was the golden age of books so don't expect anything other than a well told story. it's definatly a treat to oldster's who bought these books as kids and the rest of us who sought old military comics to enjoy the book. worth getting and how can you be dissapointed with an original ???\n", 0], ["finally! i found it! a copy of bunyan's autobiography grace abounding to the chief of sinners. ok, i've been able to get it for years, but never for this cheap. $3.50 at a used bookstore in royal oak, mi. there it was, just sitting quietly on the shelf. so innocent, so unassuming. lime green cover fading from either over use or neglect. i picked up the 10 books on top of it and pulled it out carefully. a modern english version too?! score!so far it's both what i expected and filled with surprises. because i love bunyan's pilgrim's progress i've heard a lot of folks make mention of his autobiography and highly recommend it. they were right. it is good. it's an amazing chronicle of bunyan's struggle and vacillation between trusting god's promises and believing satan's accusations. it sheds some great light on his upbringing and life before being drawn to christ. it speaks about his marriage, his exposure to other christians and his favorite hobbies as a young man. what i did not expect to read was how long his struggle to believe and be assured he was in christ actually drug on. he went back and forth between great hope and utter despair for almost 87 pages (in my copy). he reflects on this struggle and is encouraged by how the lord used it to teach him great things that would stay with him the rest of his journey toward the heavenly city. i am also pleasantly surprised to find out how much of his personal experience was drawn upon to write the worlds most famous allegory, pilgrim's progress.the book was great, i finished it a few days ago. much of what bunyan describes herein could've been written by me from my own conversion experience.i highly recommend this.\n", 0], ['i enjoy reading robert munsch\'s books as much as my kids enjoy hearing them! these stories are great for the whole family to enjoy over and over! you laugh, cry and groan in empathy as you read these "oh so true" stories about the extraordinary lives of ordinary children and their grownups.\n', 0], ['closing of the american mind by allan blooma fun chapter to discuss in class is that on music. rock (what is rock exactly?) does not come off very well. compare charles murray "human accomplishment" on music. i ask a class, "name the greatest woman composer." "greatest woman mathematician?" this prompts and interesting discussion.are contemporary students getting a good education? if we frame this debate with bloom, neil postman, mark edmundson, and genrich krasko all on one side, who do we have on the other? there are plenty of folks bemoaning the quality of liberal arts education in our schools. but i think another argument can be made to suggest that what our schools prepare students for is what they really need to be prepared for to survive in the world as they find it. perhaps it is wrong to think very many people need a liberal education - a good one at least. imagine the task of working in wal-mart after receiving a good liberal education? wouldn\'t that be worse? "expecting deltas to know what liberty is! and now expecting them to understand othello!" not 1984 but a brave new world. soma anyone? but there are plenty of liberal arts students that are wonderful! don\'t we always have more candidates that are qualified than positions for them? plato\'s suggestion that an ideal state would be just when it fit the nature of the people in it. we are not amusing ourselves to death. virtual life is soma.update after the oscar was awarded to "it is hard to be a pimp" -- this was perfect timing for my class. to have the lyrics for this song on the screen (and for women\'s history week at uaa) and i read ab\'s quote of plato\'s, "to take the spiritual temperature of a societ mark the music."\n', 0], ["jeff wignall and his fellow photographers have done an excellent job in producing this book. as a beginner photographer and web publisher, i found the information in this book to be helpful and useful with a straight forward approach to photography. i actually tried some of his techniques and the results of my pictures were much better than before. the colorful pictures alone, makes this book wonderful to look at. i also felt like i was traveling with jeff, while he was photographing the world. this book is great for the novice or professional photographer because it's colorful and easy to read. a must for visual learners.\n", 0], ["i didn't set the world on fire the first time around, but i'm inspired to try it now. i have lived life in the expected way. i taught school, raised my children. it's been great. however, now i'm inspired to try something out of the box, something that is unexpected and worthwhile. i don't know exactly what it will be, but i am now better equipped and motivated to find my own epic life. the book is a great read. i hope that what i do next will be half as interesting to do as four souls was to read.\n", 0], ['as you read &quot;the demon&quot;, you ask yourself &quot;how could this happen to anybody?, how can someone feel this bad out of nothing?&quot;; as life goes by, you gradually understand.\n', 0], ['this book. maybe i expected too much from it. i very much enjoy books written with this premise. anything from "sand county almanac" to "cache lake country". this book just seemed too cosmic and too generic. generic in the sense that there wasn\'t any linear thread through the work except cosmic descriptions of surf, wind and dunes etc, mixed with a smattering of bird information. i got the feeling the writer was too often trying too hard to be poetic. and as pointed out by another reviewer the descriptions of the surf and sand etc. wore thin pretty quick. i actually enjoyed the interaction he had with the coast guards and the descriptions of their work and how they went about it much better than the cosmic poetry! it isn\'t a bad book but for me it is strictly three stars and no more.\n', 0], ['while the title is childish the information inside paints a perfect picture of the man.\n', 0], ['absolutely one of the best books i have read. should be required reading for all high school students.\n', 0], ['this book is really new because it brings to people, not a pre-made solution but how to look for one, to some of their deep problems like real unhappy life and suicide.to me the most important message the author gives to people is to let things die, as death brings life again. also she allows people to stay close to their feelings and to listen to them.as a women, she encouraged me to find and build my inner life, but, unlike some people think it is a long and harduous process, and one does not become a wild woman by simply wearing a wolf t-shirt!\n', 0], ['this book, published in 1972, give truly excellent information about growing vegetables. the book i received was in virtually new condition. with free shipping it represented truly excellent value.\n', 1], ["i have listened to the audiobook version. one red flag is that she admits the term co-dependent has been confused and abused but still pretends to be an expert while claiming she refuses the title of guru. she still has issues.another irritant is she never stands on her own two feet and talks about her co-dependency. she uses clients as shields. i got tired of waiting for a true stance. there was never one coming. the definition of co-dependence has been thrown together for prescription purposes. many of the symptoms can be transferred to those who've experienced trauma. basically, she's not prized, there's nothing new this woman is doing, she's kept everything clinical, ambiguous, and blaming those who've been traumatized by those with psychopathic disorders and addictions.this country was built to protect criminals. many countries were started by convicts such as australia. this book doesn't help anyone learn about the nature of their abuse and why they are attracted to abusers. this only helps them to blame themselves.\n", 0], ['an incredibly entertaining and intriguing novel depicting modern issues with unparalleled clarity and insight. cant wait for more from this promising new author.\n', 0], ['i\'m the type of vampire/shapeshifter fan that likes a little originality in my stories. i did not get that in this novel as i had hoped.the story would have been much more engrossing had it not been so cliche. the pacing would have been much smoother if page fillers of unnecessary back stories hadn\'t been written for every single character that was introduced in the novel. the back histories weren\'t really that interesting and broke the flow of the novel, they felt more like detours.the characters would have been more interesting if they were more likable or kind. i didn\'t get the feeling that the two male lovers actually loved each other, but merely tolerated each other. and there were unnecessary harsh words exchanged between characters that should have had a more amicable and loving relationship. i found that their personality descriptions were contradicted by their actions. for example: becky is supposed to be this top notch pathologist who is extremely attentive to details, but a few paragraphs later, she\'s an overweight, sloppy junk food eater that leaves crumbs and sugary smudges in her path. a person as meticulous as she is supposed to be would not be so sloppy or easily distracted by food.there was too much slapstick comedy. now don\'t get me wrong, i\'m no stranger to slapstick, i\'m a fan of slapstick done well! but the comedic pace of this novel seemed off and inappropriate in various situations and i didn\'t find it at all funny.i don\'t know, perhaps this is what mr. bodner was going for in his novel and if that\'s the case, then this just wasn\'t my type of vampire novel. also, anyone who has a liking for shapeshifters may not like this author\'s vision of them.but my biggest complain is this: if mr hal bodner\'s idea of humor is to make juvenile fat jokes throughout the span of his novel, i was not amused. it got tired fast within the first 15 pages. please take into consideration who might be reading your novels (perhaps a big-boned reader or two.). a fat joke or two isn\'t taboo, but numerous "greedy, sloppy fat people" jokes is ridiculous. not only is it insulting and annoying to the reader but it\'s hard to care seriously for a character who happens to be the butt of all jokes. i wanted to like this book, i wanted to love this book, but the characters fell flat to me. i\'m sorry.my honest review...\n', 0], ["i wanted to love this book as much as the rest of the series. but the truth is, this one and assassins really let me down. the series had relied on action, suspense, and great dialogue to carry it from its label as a simple-written novel; this book failed on all three. i still had to read this one - to stay updated on the series - but i didn't enjoy it much.i wish the authors could re-do this one, but i know that's not going to happen. all i can say is that with the exception of assassins and the indwelling the series is fantastic. as i stated earlier, some have called jerry b. jenkins writing style simple. well sometimes &quot;simple&quot; can be fun. i don't want to have to search for the deeper meaning inside every author's head. if i want to do a crossword puzzle, i'll grab the newspaper. fiction should be fun, and these books are fun and interesting. plus they show god's love for us.peace-out!www.therunninggirl.com\n", 0], ['how could i not write a great review, because the picture on the front of this book is me. yup, i was a child model and posed for that picture when i was about 7 in central park nyc. it was required reading in hs went through h*ll with name calling, but then the name stuck.\n', 0], ["when i received my deck, i was immediately blown away by the remarkable artwork on each card. the look and feel of these cards is far superior to what i was expecting - they are much larger and heavier than the usual 52-card playing deck. but then, these are not ordinary cards! each one has an astonishingly relevant spiritual message on the back. not only worthy of goose bumps, but very easily could be the spark for change or an affirmation of peace in one's life. although i am a horse lover, you don't have to be to fully appreciate this unusual deck of cards.\n", 0], ['this has to be one of the most unbelieveable and ignorant stories that i have ever read. all that reynolds does is pile on more and more punishment schemes and eccentric behavior from grandfather herman. she does little to offer up either a reality or any kind of explanation as to why the characters act as they do. it could have been an interesting story to tell if there was some sort of realism or insight into these characters. reynold comes off as completely ignorant as she creates this far-fetched community of religious zealouts, it would have served her message and novel better if she would have made it a bit more realistic.\n', 0], ["once again oprah has picked a winner. this was a great book! i like some of the other reviewers didn't do anything for 2 days until i read the last word. i have passed this book to other friends who have enjoyed it as much as i did. read this book you will not be disappointed you did.\n", 0], ["i was a professional working mom for 2 years before quiting my career of 10 years to stay home. the main character, kate, is a high-powered, high paid, mom of 2, with way too much on her plate. although i sympathize completely with the character, her plight seems incredibly unbelievable to me. she tries to remember to do things at the end of each day (new carpet, birthday party plans, new shoes for kids - all can be taken care of on-line or phone) -- but then she seems to do an awful lot of sitting around at the office and on airplanes, when she could be taking care of some of her to-do list. additionally, she is obsessed with preparing gourmet meals, throwing dinner parties, buying only the best of everything, and being the best investment banker in the world! she's making her own life miserable.i do like the fact that kate is a very complicated character, with a miserable father and jealous sister, plus she's worked hard to get to where she is -- just like all of us. her plight exemplifies the complex balance of all women... its not just a matter of stay home or quit. its much harder when your job defines you.i was a bit shocked kate decides to stay home at the end. i'll bet she's pretty stir-crazy within a few months. when you get off a treadmill, its hard to get your bearnings!\n", 0], ["murder on the orient express is a foundation upon which agatha christie's reputation rests. it is the famous story of the murder on the train loaded full of suspects. it has been made into several films, and i have enjoyed reding this book several times.\n", 0], ['the crew and family of the thresher deserve a better book than this. unfortunately there are few books that discuss the thresher disaster, so that makes this important reading. the book tends to be repetitive with a few glaring mistakes. most of what happened to the thresher is classified. those looking for answers to what truly happened will leave only half fullfilled.\n', 0], ['to begin with, "jawbreaker" is misleadingly titled. it tells not so much the story of "the attack on bin laden and al qaeda", as of the attack on the taliban, finally leading to pursuit of bin laden.the vast majority of the book details the experience in afghanistan, from the perspective of the commanding cia operative, of waging war against the taliban regime. only at the end, for the last few chapters, is the fight taken directly to al qaeda and bin laden. prior to that, we are treated to a retelling of an admirably efficient campaign waged in a distant land by highly skilled operatives and soldiers against a foe strong in numbers and territory but hopelesslly outclassed technologically.berntsen\'s tale is a fascinating one, if a bit disjoint thanks to its combination of compelling subject matter with heavy-handed censorship and obviously rushed editing. personally, i read the book to find out how and why bin laden escaped. surprise, surprise, the decisions which prevented his capture came from above.this soldier\'s story is told by a commander with a vested interest in championing the virtue and heroism of himself and his soldiers, but of events which no doubt deserved such credit. it reads as a simple diary of events accompanied by spare, predictably standard political observations. those who enjoy war stories will no doubt find it satisfying as a retelling of events in afghanistan in late 2001. what it lacks in perspective and polish it makes up for in its detailed and apparently candid painting of the experience.\n', 0], ['"judaism and vegetarianism" might be a dry title, but this book is the foundational work on the subject.and the subject is undoubtedly important, given the increase in meat consumption, the spread of industrialized factory farming and their effect on animal welfare, environmental degradation, and human health.the only other book on the subject that rivals this one in sweep and authority is roberta kalechofsky\'s "vegetarian judaism: a guide for everyone." but even kalechofsky attributes her decision to become a vegetarian to reading schwartz\'s manuscript.schwartz, a retired mathematics professor, did not write this book for the best-seller list. but he took pains to carefully document the source of every theological reference in the book. as a further precaution, schwartz submitted the manuscript to learned rabbis and other highly knowledgeable jews for editing.what emerged is a persuasive book that lays out a strong case for vegetarianism as a jewish ideal. schwartz included a highly readable "questions and answers" chapter in which he skillfully addresses the most commonly heard challenges to the position that vegetarianism is a fulfillment of judaism.\n', 0], ["thomas sundell's a bloodline of kings is a superbly crafted historical fiction novel set in the fourth century b.c., and is the story of philip of macedon, who in many ways forever altered the world of the greeks and set the stage for his legendary son alexander. a riveting book of rivalry and kingship vs. athenian democracy, a bloodline of kings is filled with conflict from between two men to between disparate ways of life. a fascinating and involving novel that absorbs the reader into the clash of culture past, a bloodline of kings is highly recommended reading from beginning to end!\n", 0], ['unknown to me prior to ordering i really enjoyed this author and her tales. it was well written historically accurate and a good escape read. thanks\n', 0], ["this book is i think very interesting and very easy to understand for anybody, even for people which english is as their second language. the presentation of this book is very formal way. i think the authour must be very famous because ofthis book. i'ver read many historical fiction books, but this is the first book that i found it very interesting and easy. i encourage people to read this book. i don't want to give them the summery of the book, because i want everyone to read this very interesting book.\n", 0], ['"for he sees, when in the isle patmos, a revelation of awful mysteries, which he recounts freely, and makes known to others" (hippolytus, _on christ and antichrist_)."then, if anyone says to you, `look, there is the christ!\' or "there!\' do not believe it. for false christs and false prophets will rise and show great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect. see, i have told you so beforehand. therefore if they say to you, `look, he is in the desert!\' do not go out; or `look, he is in the inner rooms!" do not believe it. for as lightning comes from the east and flashes to the west, so also will the coming of the son of man be" (matt. 24:23-27)._on christ and antichrist_ by saint hippolytus, a third century father, is an enlightening tract concerning biblical prophecy in the old and new testaments and the identity of the sprit of apostasy and the identity of the antichrist. it is addressed as a letter to a fellow christian theophilus and its purpose is to shed light on what the scriptures mystically teach about the second coming of christ. the content of the text draws largely from st. john\'s apocalypse, the visions of daniel, assorted prophecies in the old testament, several of the apostle paul\'s warnings and exhortations and from the parables of the savior himself. hippolytus first draws comparisons between christ and antichrist. the devil, in order to deceive the world, needs to have a representative on earth who will mimic christ as closely as possible. the essential difference is that the antichrist will come in his own name as king and lord to set up a worldly kingdom, while christ\'s kingdom is "not of this world." the reign of the antichrist will of course be an absolute falsehood and illusion because although he is able to harass the church for a number of years, christ already reigns in heaven over all and will return to create a new heaven and new earth and dethrone the antichrist and cast satan into the lake of fire. the antichrist will appear to suffer a mortal wound and miraculously recover, in mockery of the crucifixion and resurrection of christ. antichrist will also be "like a lamb" bringing peace, while also "like a lion" bringing war and desolation. the body of christ was a temple on this earth where god was truly glorified, while the antichrist will rebuild the literal temple in jerusalem. christ came performing signs and a wonders by the power of the holy spirit and god\'s will while the antichrist will perform a spectacular magic show by the power of satan, preceded by the false prophet. during the time period of antichrist\'s reign, he will be opposed by the prophets elias (elijah) and enoch who will contradict satan and witness for the church. at the end of a certain period the two prophets will be slain by the antichrist and after three days publicly come back to life and ascend to heaven. the kingdom of satan, prefigured by babylon, the roman empire and apostate israel, will fall at the second coming of christ. hippolytus exhorts the faithful to remain steadfast to the hope of christ\'s deliverance from the troubles the church is experiencing and will experience in the future.\n', 0], ["i have to admit that in school i was forced to read some of ray bradbury's science fiction stories and, not being a science fiction fan, decided i did not like him. then one day a co-worker told me her favorite book was bradbury's dandelion wine. i read it and found she was right. this is a book i have read again and again. although it is set in 1928, long before i was born, it instantly takes me back to my childhood; the porch at my aunt and uncle's house, the feel of running barefoot and the sadness as labor day announced the end of summer. this is a book to treasure.\n", 0], ["ya know, i thought that the fellowship of the ring was good. and it was, but the two towers makes the fellowship look like a crappy-written novel. shelob's lair had to be my favorite chapter, i was totally immersed in the book and i felt as if i was right there in the spider's lair. it was great!!!! i would recommend this book to every living human being. gr8!!!\n", 0], ["not only did they lift the title from john gilmore's out-of-print book on james dean, live fast, die young, but offer nothing more than a pasteup, poorly written delivery of a lot of nothing. save your money. just another hack job to capitalize on the 50th anniversary of james dean's death. a waste of time.\n", 0], ['i\'ve never before written a negative amazon reader review. as an author, i know how much they can sting, and i try to limit myself to only reviewing books i\'ve really enjoyed. however, since the author is long dead, i doubt i can hurt her feelings. and if by my words i can possibly prevent one other person from undergoing the suffering i\'ve endured, i\'ll feel that my job here is done.i decided that at the age of 52, it was time i started reading some of the classics that i\'d missed along the way. i read pride and prejudice first, and though i found ms. austen\'s writing to be tedious, the book was mildly entertaining. i thought i\'d try emily bronte\'s wuthering heights next. i\'d always heard how romantic the story was, and no less than three people, upon seeing me with the book, told me, "you\'ll love it! you\'ll absolutely love it!"please tell me you\'re kidding.this book is wretched. painful to a degree i\'ve never before experienced. i\'ve read books that put me to sleep, books i found impossibly dull, books i found too stupid for words. but i have never hated a book so much in my life. the characters in their entirety don\'t possess a single redeeming value. they are miserable, obnoxious, hateful excuses for human beings. even the dogs are hateful. why should i care what happens to any of these awful people? why should i care if they\'ve made themselves miserable through their own choices and then spend the rest of the book whining and complaining about how pathetic their lives are?i hadn\'t realized just how much i loathed them until halfway through the book, when a major character died, and all i could think was, "thank god! thank god!"and then, there\'s the dialect. ah, the dialect! i could tolerate it if it was used sparingly. but when a certain character goes into a speech that lasts for half a page of small print, in a language that can only be described as not even resembling english (yes, i know it\'s supposed to be scottish), the result is unbearable pain. every time this character speaks (which is, thankfully, not often), i find myself puzzling over his words in an attempt to translate them into something that seems even mildly coherent. sometimes, it\'s possible to do this just by context. at other times, i shake my head in bewilderment and disgust and simply move on to a different page. considering how slowly the story moves (is there a storyline? a point to all this suffering?), i could probably skip entire chapters and not miss anything.i\'d also like to know where the romance is. since everybody in this book seems to hate everybody else, with the notable exception of the uncouth monster, heathcliff, and the spoiled-rotten, obnoxious catherine, i can\'t fathom where that might lie. am i too dense to understand? or has the literary world been tricking us for 150 years, convincing the sheep of the world to follow along in praise of this "romantic" classic?i think i would rather have my fingernails pulled out forcefully, one at a time, than finish reading this book. i\'m halfway through, and life is short. am i really willing to spend that much more of my short time here on earth torturing myself just for the satisfaction of knowing i actually read the dreadful thing? i think not.i also think my foray into the classics has ended right here. i\'m off to read some robert parker or janet evanovich. maybe even some jackie collins. anything to cleanse my palate of the terrible aftertaste of heathcliff and catherine.to each his own. i know there are people who rave about this book, people who love it. i\'m glad somebody does. every book deserves to be loved by somebody. but in this case, with this particular book, that somebody will have to be somebody else. because it certainly isn\'t me.\n', 0], ['it is a classic. i enjoyed seeing how technology has changed in the last 50 years even religion and social behavior such as smoking.i have read this book several times since the first time i read it in 1970.\n', 0], ["it seems that people either absolutely love this book or absolutely hate it. i fall in the former category. in some ways, the book reminds me of brave new world, although it is much happier and gives a much better picture of the world. other people seem to complain about how chauvinistic the book is. well, i'm not only female but i'm sixteen, and i _know_ a lot of what he said shouldn't be listened to. if you can let that interfere with your enjoyment of the book, then there are an awful lot of other books (like, say, anything written by shakespeare, jane austen, forster, hardy, james, joyce, dickens, etc., etc.) that you shouldn't read, either. i don't mean to compare it to them, but one has to understand the mentality of the time. the book made me think (even the chauvinistic statements) and i believe that is what it is supposed to do.\n", 0], ["i got this wedding planner for my newly engaged sister and we couldn't have been more thrilled with it! it is a beautiful binder, with helpful pages thoughout. the section of flowers alone is worth it. with the beautiful pictures and detailed list of types of flowers, you can go to your florist knowing more than just the colors you want, you will actually be educated about flower design. there are numerous worksheets (you may need to make copies of some of them for larger weddings), and great tips on almost every page. all sizes and styles of weddings will benefit from this wonderful planner. perfect for the elegant or super organized bride.\n", 0], ["there is no story quite like ken kesey's one flew over the cukoo's nest. it is an incredible tale of a man who single-handedly brings life back to the inmates of an oregon mental hospital. it is a tale of hope, desire, and of living life to the fullest. hope is represented by the freewheeling randle mcmurphy who makes it his mission to save his fellow inmates from the terrible rule of nurse ratched. the battle of wits between the nurse and mcmurphy becomes the essence of this story. it symbolizes something much bigger than the petty poer struggle it appears to be; this is the power-hungry versus the oppressed. author ken kesey has managed to maintain a humorous tone in the gloomiest of settings with a cast of some of the most animated characters i have ever come across. from the pov of a hospital inmate, the story puts the reader right inside the walls of this loony psych ward. read it and find your way out.\n", 0], ["our protaganist robot, andrew, has feelings and abilities that are extraordinary in a robot -- especially an &quot;asimov&quot; robot. while interesting and touching, the story behind andrew's quest to be human (or be accepted as such) is much more silverberg than asimov. this isn't necessarily a bad thing, since silverberg is a fair storyteller, and the author of many fine books.my general criticisms of this book are as follows:- the book is only partially faithful to the asimov universe.- silverberg makes great leaps from one unlikely activity on andrew's part to another.- despite his valiant efforts at including science, silverberg is much more an author of fantasy than true sci-fi and this book is no exception.i must conclude that it was a nice read, but..\n", 0], ["wuthering heights is on of the greatest classics in literature and one i had never read until recently. i found this story of obsessive and destructive relationships very compelling and difficult to put down. it's a romance but by no means is it a happy one. things don't go well for these people.wuthering heights is the story of two families the earnshaws and lintons, who really should never had gotten together. it's the romance between heathcliff and catherine that underlies the whole book. heathcliff is defiantly the ultimate anti-hero, he's obsessive, abusive and just plain evil, but still you feel yourself drawn into his dark world and hoping that redemption comes to him. he seems beyond it however and his destructive behaviour forms the basis of this gothic tale.emily bronte's skills as a writer are amazing, her language is poetic and deep and the story is truly unique. my only criticism is concerning the way she wrote dialogue for the character joseph, it's often illegible and i found it most difficult understanding what he was saying. that aside i really enjoyed this book and recommend it wholeheartedly as a study of human nature as it is without the influence of a divine being.thanks for reading my review and enjoy this book.\n", 0], ['"smart parenting revolution is about listening and guiding your child. learning as a parent/educator that there is a diversity of ways of thinking and processing information. it helped me find practical ways to support my children and to boost their confidence in building on their successes."\n', 0], ['there was 3 yung spys andthey spy,ed on alie andthe way they spy,ed on her was they sneak acros the house & in side and they went in the vent and put the camra on and spy,ed ontel tomor,o &then they left be for she got up the end\n', 0], ["i got this book and found that it was easily understood even for those (like me) who haven't got an inkling of how to create a web page. our results: our webpages look great and are easily understood by all who visit them; they make sense, and keep you from getting lost! paul mcfedries did a great job of wittily writing this book he makes it fun to read and makes it easy to learn the art of webpage construction. i highly recommend it. i chuckled all the way through it and painlessly learned a lot!\n", 0], ['this is a great source for any mason to study from. it has helped me immensely! i would recommend this book to any prospective masonic candidate or current mason who needs to study and memorize any part of the rituals needed to participate in this fine organization.\n', 0], ["finally! a biography of alexander hamilton that is jam-packed with detail and that restores him to his rightful place in our hearts. hamilton was not a scoundrel, as a previous reviewer called him. he was a brilliant man who worked extremely hard for early america. he saved this country from national debt, and he established a strong financial base for the united states.hamilton was unlike most of the founding fathers, the reason being that he wasn't born into a high station. all of the other founders inherited their wealth, but hamilton had to work to get his--and he also happened to marry a wealthy woman named elizabeth schuyler, which gave him a high place in society, but he still had to work to gain respect and money. (believe me, he married her for love!)when i heard that they might take hamilton off of the $10 bill, i cried. (i'm serious, i did. i'm a very strong hamiltonian.) i cried becuase i know what a good man hamilton was, and i'm happy that this biography is available to show people that. thank you, ron chernow!so, if they take hamilton off of the 10 (which they better not do!) they'll be hearing from me.......\n", 0], ["a good fun read, and very hard to put down- but don't expect a life changing experince.the central cahracter bob lee swagger, is plucked from retirement to test some new ammunition. surprisingly he finds himself set up , and must use his wits and his remington 700 to clear his name. so much for the plot. what you have hear is an enjoyable romp, with bad bad guys, good good guys and a few helpless women thrown in along the way. bob lee is a well sketched out character, and if you can you can ignore a number of serious plot flaws you will find a very enjoyable techno thriller.incidentally, as a shooter of some talent myself, most of the technical stuff is about right.\n", 0], ['after having read "the hound of the baskervilles" children\'s version at the age of 10, for some reason i believed that i knew all there was to know about mr. holmes. when the whim struck me i started reading "the adventures of sherlock holmes" and discovered that there is far more to these stories than i had originally given credit for. this is a series of short stories, told from the voice of holmes\' famous confidant dr. watson.this is a series of mysteries that sherlock holmes encounters that are told at a swift pace with very little spare verbiage to wade through. doyle has an excellent mind for the mysteries, keeping them fresh, new, and interesting. though often i was able to figure out from the very beginning what was going one, i assume it is due to these tales having been used as the basis for so many other mysteries that they may have become familiar. none the less it is always entertaining to follow sherlock\'s mind through the twists and turns of the clues to piece together the truth of what is laid out before you.i have to admit as a parent, that i am glad i elected to read this before handing it over to my son, a 10 year old who read the children\'s version of the "hound of the baskervilles" and has since become a sherlock holmes fanatic in the way that only a 10 year old can achieve. anyway, i purchased this book for him to read and ended up sitting down and skimming it when leaping out of the page at me was the word "cocaine." it immediately dawned on me that this book was written in the times of the opium dens when cocaine was the height of fashion. i decided i\'d best read the book and sure enough much to my dismay, sherlock holmes mentioned vices include smoking tobacco (no biggie) and shooting cocaine (a real biggie for a 10 year old).now i personally enjoyed reading this book, never growing weary of the style or the topics. but i have to admit that i elected not to share it with my son for a few more years. my only complaint with this book is that even though it is technically a short story book, it does not read like one. so when you get to the end of the final story, you are left feeling as though someone ripped the last few pages out of your book. there is little to no closure to the series of tales. for some reason i had been expecting there to have been some sort of closure, or a summation from dr. watson as to why he chose to include the cases he did, or something about his dear friend holmes, but as with all short story books, when the final mystery is solved, there is no point turning the page because you are done.5 of 5 stars.\n', 0], ['once again, tracy chevalier, author of a number of well-written works of historical fiction, lets her imagination run wild, weaving her story around another actual work of art. in this book, the author builds her story around the series of medieval tapestries known as "the lady and the unicorn", currently hanging in a museum in france, creating a work of historical fiction that is somewhat interesting and moderately enjoyable. although not as well written as her best selling novel, "girl with a pearl earring", or even her debut novel, "the virgin blue", those who like their historical fiction with some romantic overtones will be pleased with the author\'s efforts.towards the end of the fifteenth century, a talented, handsome, and cocky painter, nicolas des innocents, is commissioned to design and paint scenes depicting the battle of nancy for a series of tapestries. his paintings would then be enlarged in preparation for having the images woven into tapestries by a master weaver in brussels. the commission is given to nicholas by a prominent french nobleman, jean le viste, a cold man who is given to self-importance and wishes to memorialize his status, as his star in on the ascendancy in the royal court.nicolas soon discovers, however, that it was jean le viste\'s wife, genevieve de nanterre, who suggested him for the commission. she lets him know, however, that she does not wish for the tapestries to depict the battle of nancy but, rather, scenes of a lady and a unicorn. genevieve de nanterre, a pious and unhappily married woman, leaves it to him to convince her husband that this new idea should replace the battle of nancy as the subject of the tapestries. nicolas manages to do this, and so it begins.nicolas is not only a fine painter but also a confirmed lothario who falls for le viste\'s daughter, a beautiful teenager named claude. of course, nicholas has already dallied with marie-celeste, one of the household\'s maids with the usual, not unexpected, result, a fact that will eventually lead to some serious personal consequences for him. meanwhile, genevieve de nanterre, who would rather be a nun than married to jean le viste, discovers that her daughter reciprocates the painter\'s passion. claude is ultimately shipped off to a nunnery to repent for her sins and to remain chaste until a suitable betrothal may be made for her. genevieve\'s motives in doing so, however, are not wholly altruistic.eventually, nicholas travels to the workshop of master weaver georges de la chappelle, who has been selected to convert the paintings to tapestries. nicholas meets with cartoonist, philippe de la tour, to ensure that the tapestries stay true to his paintings and that the process of enlarging them does not substantively change his seductive design. of course, his stay in brussels is made more pleasant by the fact that georges de la chappelle has a lovely daughter named alienor, who is ripe for the picking. unfortunately, her father, for business reasons, wishes to marry her off to the local tanner, a smelly brute whose noxious scent is a result of an expected occupational hazard. unbeknownst to them all, however, alienor has a secret admirer, whose love will eventually make right all that goes wrong.this is the spanish text edition of "the lady and the unicorn", a mildly entertaining novel in which the underlying theme is seduction. the tale is told from the perspectives of each of the main characters through individual first person narratives. the lives of some of them become intertwined, because nicolas des innocents has come into contact with them. the story describes their lives and loves, as well as the impact that their lives have on the actual tapestries. the novel also gives a good deal of interesting information on the weavers\' guild of the time and its practices, as well as information on the painstaking art of weaving high quality tapestries, such as that of "the lady and the unicorn".\n', 0], ['i grew up reading this lovely story and when the pages fell out of my original i went to amazon for a new one.however, the new translation took the beauty out of the story that i had felt in earlier readings, in my opinion.the story remains a wonderful one, but i would suggest reading the katherine woods translation for comparison. the language in the original translation is beautiful, creative and inspiring. i felt the newer translation was less poetic.\n', 0], ["disappointed! i didn't read the small print. it's a 2005 version, not a 2008 like i thought. makes all the sunday dates wrong.\n", 0], ['when my professor recommended this book i thought it would be interesting.i could not put down the book for a minute, i needed to know what happened. i was suspecting something with the father and was correct. he made me really mad but i was glad the mother had a man who she could really count on. the ending was worth reading the story do not skip pages.\n', 0], ['zell miller may be along with nyc mayor the last of the \'old styled\' democrats in the jfk tradition. reagan was also a democrat when jfk was president but had the wisdom to change.i am sure that if jfk were alive today he would be embarrassd at the current lineup of democrat "wannabe leaders" including brother teddy. no doubt jfk would be a republican if he were alive today or speaking out ala zell miller.great job zell!\n', 0], ['i read this book and love it. it made me laugh at points as well as cry. i thought the character development wasn\'t extremely good but it was enough to make this a great book. i would suggest reading it if you have time. this book managed to hold my attention as well as create a world of its own inside my mind. i looked forward to picking it up when i had a chance. i am not an avid reader. i typically do not like to read books as a hobby so for this one to be able to hold my attention says so much for it. if you are a person who likes this book i would also suggest reading "velvet fire" by elda minger.velvet fire (heartfire romance)i have put the link in here for it.\n', 0], ['i cried when i finished this book. i honestly did. no, it was not the heart-breaking ending that brought me to tears, but the fact that there was no more gone with the wind. the book brought me so much into its depths, made me so much a part of its words, that at the end i felt almost as if a friend died. i just wish that margaret mitchell were alive so that i could talk to her, understand the mind that created such a masterpiece. i will never read a better book.\n', 0], ["like it or not-- and there are plenty of reasons not to like gwtw-- this book earns its status as a classic. it reminded me of anna karenina: well-written, brilliant &amp; deliciously soapy plot, and ultimately depressing. in the end, i was fed up with rhett &amp; scarlett, but i still cried for them.as a northerner living in the south, i got a new appreciation for/insight into the rich history of white southerners, but good luck finding any insight into the world of black southerners. true, mitchell was a product of her times and one needs to allow for that, but she says some horribly insensitive things about black people.if you read this book, keep it in context. remember that it is only one part of history, only one book, somewhere in the middle of truth and lies and legend.p.s.-- zora neale hurston's &quot;their eyes were watching god&quot; would be an interesting book to read afterwards, especially if you need to restore your faith in true love.\n", 0], ["finally, a man who understands!!! i can't wait for my husband to finish reading this...\n", 0], ['this book will help change your thinking path. it is very helpful to strengthening your relationships!\n', 0], ['shipped promptly...just as said. was sent as a gift to the inmates of vigo county jail because it was requested and they are seriously lacking in their literature selections since they have done away with the library program.\n', 1], ['this stories behind the famed photograph are as fascinating the photograph itself. the pages are filled with emotional stories of both heroism and tragedy, and tell us not only what it was like to be a marine at iwo jima, but also how the families of these brave men were effected by the war and the undesired fame the photo brought them. i highly recommend this book\n', 0], ['i read this book for the first time forty years ago. the book still holds up the the change in time.i found it well whorth the time to read the first time. and i got more out of the book the second time.\n', 0], ['this is a classic book that tells how things will be in the future. the movie v for vendetta seems to be based on this novel. either way i really enjoyed reading it! it makes you think carefully.\n', 0], ["this is the first book ive read out of thomas hardy's many works, and i thought it was absolutely brilliant. he uses his perceptive insight into the human nature to create very realistic characters with complex personalites.each scene he describes is filled with vivid imagery that leave your senses tingling.i highly recommend this book to anyone that loves a well-written, easy-to-understand classic.\n", 0], ["never really read it because it wasn't needed for class but it seemed useful. the person did not deliver it in the best condition\n", 1], ['the paperback version is simple, user friendly, with a rich vocabulary and many useful tests and conversation samples; you read it and you learn it!combined with the audio book all that you learn will no longer be mere theory; pronunciation is the biggest challenge with the khmer language and the cd roms help practice over and over with real good results. it is worth to buy them both or the paperback alone (cd roms only is not a good choice - they would leave you...speechless!).by the way...the khmer language is easier than what i figured out it would be :-)\n', 0], ['this book, is good if you like american style baseball!\n', 0], ["there aren't many good books that deal with the death of loved ones - but this is one. it does deal with the death of a grandmother, but it deals with it in a wonderful way - it shows the circle of life - that life goes on - and it is ok to be happy after the death of someone you love.\n", 0], ["i really love this author's work, and walkin through mirrors didn't let me down, the characthers were so alive, and made u want to know everything about them, can't wait for his next one.\n", 0], ['not much to say about this book,except it\'s deserving of the label of "classic".i remember reading this when i was a boy,and being fascinated with holmes and watson\'s exploits,and the methods of the quirky resident of 221-b baker street....another must read...when i saw it was available as an e-book,i snapped it up...\n', 0], ['this classic book in the networks area is "the bible" in its topic. a must have book for every computer engineer.\n', 0], ['i have read many books and i can never remember the title, nor the name of the author. i came across this authors name and started to read about her books and was so intrested in buying the book that i signed it to get it. i then realized that i had already read this book and i distinctly remembered that i enjoyed it. it was a book about persistance and delligence. i recommend this book to all of us who take our lives forgranted and those who lose hope in their times of hardship. it was slightly slow at times but i guess it reflects and teaches you the art of patience!\n', 0], ["my antonia is one of the most beautiful books i have ever read. no, it's certainly no john grisham novel, and so you cannot go into it looking for cowboys and guns. what you can look for, however, is romance, the most amazing and masterful writing/capturing of sentiments involved in growing up, great joy and great sorrow, and a vivid group of characters that will burn themselves into your memory for all time. it may be slow, but life is slow, and amazing in so many respects that this book grapples with.this novel could very well be the story of someone's life; beautiful, sad, true- poignant, in a word.\n", 0], ["typee, herman melville's first novel published in 1846, rocketed him into the public eye. he in fact did spend four months with the typee people prior to the corruption of their culture by european contact. written like a memoir, it is hard to discern what is true and what is fiction. the protagonist jumps the whaling ship that brought him to the marquesas with his young mate toby. they find themselves captured by a tribe living in eden like splendor in a valley hidden from time. they are treated as royals with handmaidens and servants and every need taken care of. but, they suspect they are being fattened like a calf for slaughter as these people are known to be cannibals. this account is considered to be the most accurate description of the exotic customs of the early marquesans. i was drawn to the story because in my talks about early hawaiians from the same root stock there have been questions about whether or not they were indeed cannibals. the hawaiians accused of eating the great navigator captain james cook deny that cannibalism was a part of their culture even though human sacrifice was commonplace. in melville's account, the people were cannibals, but only the chiefs and high priests ate human flesh and it was done in a secret ceremony hidden from the eyes of outsiders. he describes the common people as loving kind, playful, and never cross with one another. there was so money so no acquisition or hoarding. working together in communal harmony they shared in the bounty of their water-rich valley. there were feuds with neighboring tribes, but internal harmony prevailed. melville who went on to write moby dick and numerous other south seas tales died in obscurity.\n", 0], ['this book is very good. really interesting and makes me want to take further action to change my life for the better.\n', 0], ["i think this book is a little overrated, personally.i enjoyed augusten's relationship with nathalie (his crazy 'stepsister')the best. it seemed real and raw. some of the other relationships seemed a bit fake to me. i know there are some crazy people out there but come on.it does have its moments, though.\n", 0], ['when f. scott fitzgerald left princeton and joined the military, his belief that he would die at war led him to begin writing the autobiographical "this side of paradise." written rather schizophrenically - alternating between prose, verse, letters, and stage direction - readers are given a unique and multifaceted introduction to amory blaine, the intellectual, perpetually disillusioned youth. as he stumbles through life attempting to figure out what he believes in, who he loves, and how he comes to terms with personal losses, it is impossible not to feel a little closer to the iconic author and his own internal struggles. amory winds his way through the midwest, princeton, europe, and new york, morphing his perspectives on everything from romanticism to socialism based on his experiences and especially his failures.fans of fitzgerald will appreciate the beautiful writing of this work; his word choice and turn of phrase make him remarkably quotable. however, this book is also plagued by narcissism and an overabundance of crazy women with an affinity for poetry, which could prove too much for the reader taking fitzgerald for a test drive. "the great gatsby" or "tender is the night" would make much better introductions that the majority would argue are simply better pieces of literature. while admitting to myself that this book was a bit bizarre and will never make it onto my "books i would take with me on a deserted island" list, i could not help enjoying it. this book may have revealed to me just how highly fitzgerald thought of himself, but i tend to think pretty highly of him, too.\n', 0], ['this is a very typical canadian novel, set in the first half of the 20th century. the protagonist, dunstan ramsay, is born in a small ontario town where he experiences the sort of the village politics that have since become a thing of the past (the social differences between different christian denominations dominates the scene).dunstan undergoes several major turning points in his life. the first and probably most important is world war 1 (1914-1918), an event that was definitive in the formation of canadian identity. dunstan then becomes a teacher and leads a rather uneventful life.some of themes explored in the book are spirituality vs. materialism, psychology and religion. the first theme is evident in the interaction between dunstan and his lifelong friend, boy staunton. boy is a successful businessman who succeeds at everything he tries but has little time or inclination for spiritual matters. dunstan, meanwhile, teaches at a high school his whole life and writes books about saints. dunstan finds intellectual stimulation and meaning in the inner life. psychology is explored using jungian symbolism (carl justav jung 1875-1961, swiss-german psychologist) and sigmund freud\'s ideas, (1856-1939, austrian, founder of psychology). their ideas about the unconscious, both individual and collective, are seen throughout the book.the preoccupation of with psychology of religion in the book is very telling of the late 20th century. the characters are more concerned with their emotions, "mental health" and the like rather than whether finding out if beliefs are true. the depiction of agnostics/atheists in the novel is very realistic; the characters mumble something about reason or rationality and then proceed to ridicule the believer. granted this sort of behavior is limited to those people who believe atheism because it is fashionable and thought to be intellectual, it is still well done.another major theme is that of religion and magic; are they the same? do the differences really matter? one of dunstan\'s favorite sayings is that the bible and arabian nights are very similar; this is not explained though. i got the impression that davies is saying that both of them are simply amusing, meaningful stories with no objective basis or that the value of both of them is in their psychological truths. paul dempster, whose premature birth is caused by dunstan and boy, renames himself magnus eisengrim and becomes a magician of international renown.overall, i found the novel interesting although its approach to matters of religion is tiresome. after all, if one\'s beliefs are false then it does not matter how useful or satisfying you find them, for they are nothing but a fiction. the struggle for identity in the novel is very canadian, for we are always trying to define ourselves other than to say, "we\'re not americans."\n', 0], ["it's another great book of jane austan. i really enjoy her writing and endings,especially this one of jane's. this is (i think) the last book jane wrote before her death.\n", 0], ['the volumes i purchased all prove excellent. these are texts most useful in an academic environment in contrast to casual reading. as such, they are splendid.\n', 0], ['i will admit, i read the book out of curiosity- what could one possibly say in the novel to inspire such extreme reaction including calling for murdering the author?i will try to answer this question in a moment, a few words about the book first.the reader very quickly finds out that the books events take place in mostly two spheres: reality mixed with fantasy or impossible events and secondly dreams and visions that include author\'s historical fiction concerning the birth of islam (names and places are changed somewhat).the book is not only concerned with matters of religion- major subject of the book is alienation of immigrant from both the old and new country, namely indian immigrants in england.while i don\'t agree that one must have in depth understanding of both islam and indian culture and history to understand the ideas of the book, some knowledge or at least some research while reading the book is helpful. the cultural, linguistic and historical references are so numerous that reading certain sections of the book may by frustrating- one has to be a very educated indian living in england in the 70\'s , versed in literature, cinema, and migrant\'s culture in london to get most of it ( probably only rushdie can understand it all and for that i give the book 4 stars).having said that however, the main ideas of the book are universal as they pertain to universal problems:human nature and its duality, human relationships, struggle of good and evil, questioning of authority of religious institution and it\'s earthly rather that divine inspiration, rational vs. mystical world wiew, rationality vs. irrationality and fanaticism.these two worlds collide and there are no clear winners- there are doors that are left open and there is room left for interpretation.now back to the question of the book offensiveness- for the reader from the western culture the violent reaction to the book is hard to understand. we are used to questioning authorities including religious ones, we have traditions of novels doing just that. thankfully we had the enlightenment age and human life, freedom of speech and ideas is more of a value than any offense caused by mere book.probably the main two "insults" are questioning the divine source of prophet\'s revelations, suggesting weakness and willingness to compromise, his personal life and relationship with women. also negative portrayal of imam probably didn\'t help rushdie\'s pr with khomeini.regardless, even without all the hullabaloo the book is worth reading in itself and i recommend it.\n', 0], ['there\'s enough of everything in this novel---humor, passion, and realistic human emotional obstacles. it\'s funny to witness how douglas loses self-control whenever he feels aroused with alex--and then promises to himself that next time, he would be better behave. its so cute :pand alex is an absolute treasure. she\'s so naive about her own charms, its quite funny. the secondary characters are also fun to read.this is one of ms. coulter\'s best. i admit im not one of her big fans since im disappointed with the countess and the duke. but with this story, i can say that she has redeemed herself in my eyes. lol ",)\n', 0], ['this book is and has remained for four years, my favorite of all. the humor is laugh out loud funny and the more touching moments cause your heart to constrict in your chest! dougless has a superior but harmless veiw of himslelf that causes him to lord his expertise in all areas of his life. you all but feel sorry for him because his monologs are so ridiculous. you can almost see alex rolling her eyes. alex on the other hand is quite sure of herself despite her sisters &quot;throat aching&quot; beauty. all she wants is a chance to prove she can be a good wife. what follows is undeniably the funniest words ever put on paper! i promise you will enjoy!\n', 0], ['every woman dreams of being found by a man whose love will transform her. annie: diary of a bad girl is that powerfully told story. this is a book men should give to women and women will definitely give to each other.\n', 0], ['several friends had recommended this series; i was slow to warm to the idea. the books are entertaining, light, humorous and a real page-turner. for an afternoon &quot;escape&quot; this is the read.\n', 0], ["i loved this book so much. my sister gave it to me as a birthday present. i was laughing by the second page and hysterical by the end. i highly recommend all of ms. evanovich's books, both for her humor and for her writing style. her characters are so true to life that you'll find yourself saying &quot;hey! i know someone like that!&quot;. read and enjoy!\n", 0], ["i got 2 of these for my husband and son for their crossword madness...and they both thought this was just 'cheating' and refuse to use them! oh well!\n", 0], ["some of my greatest inspiration for writing comes from books about writing--especially good ones. this is one of the best ones i've read so far. the idea of practice writing introduced in this book has been an enormously valuable exercise for me. just write for a set amount of time. it doesn't matter what about or what you write--just as long as you write. because of this, i have learned that writing is one of the best things for a writer to do. makes sense, right? it's just like playing an instrument. if you don't practice, you'll never get better.goldberg's book is filled with tips and information, and it is an interesting and fun book to read. it's a valuable resource for any writer.\n", 0], ['i\'ll give the writer credit for trying to come up with an original plot. but it\'s so convoluted with junk science, mythology and poorly explained technology that the impact gets completely "entombed in the ice". character development is right out of a bad romance novel. and some of the metaphors are laughable. i\'m glad i didn\'t pay too much for it.\n', 0], ['i bought this for my twelve years old granddaughter. since it is required reading for her lit class, i read it to see how the subject was handled since this is her first exposure to the holocaust history. the book was well-written for the target age, it exposed enough of the horror to cause a pre-teen to realize the evil afoot in the world. it also revealed how compassion can survive even in its midst.\n', 0], ['in this, her third peter wimsey novel, sayers continues adding information and depth to wimsey\'s character, and also to that of inspector parker. in this book she introduces miss climpson, who helps wimsey in this book and will make appearances in other books, much to the delight of readers. still, sayers writes a different kind of mystery, perhaps one peculiar to herself, in which the reader can usually guess the identity of the murderer, then spends the book watching lord peter try to figure out how he can prove "who done it."in this novel, an older woman who seems destined to die from cancer does in fact die -- but sooner than her doctor thought she would. or should. was she helped to her death by a greedy heir? or by somebody else with a different motive?i enjoy these books, but the early ones don\'t offer quite as much detecting as do the later ones, so i enjoy the later ones more. sayers is a strong writer who thinks logically, plots well, and has both the reader and wimsey making false assumptions. the books are fun because the author enjoyed her creation so much, and this enjoyment shows in the books.\n', 0], ['the book is about 13 dwarves and one hobbit called bilbo. the hobbit is a good book to read. the book is mostly about adventer. if you like adventer this is a good book to read. i think that the book is very good to read in a camping place. i think that the book is very good book.\n', 0], ['the introduction to the best story ever written, lord of the rings. the hobbit stands alone in its own right, however, as one of the best fantasy novels, if not one of the best books of all time. you will not be disappointed.\n', 0], ['i first read this as a teenager, set text in school, and fell in love with the myth and adventure that is middle earth. compared to lor, this is light, but provides a glimpse into a wonderful and powerful world, were even the awkward and unadventurous can find new dimensions.\n', 0], ["this is the kind of book that, in spite of its simplicity and quiet plot, you just can't put down. i found myself drawn to it at every available moment.\n", 0], ['the god who came to earth as spacepup brings the news.\n', 0], ['great book. it was exciting, informative, captivating and a superb lesson in smart persistence. as an entrepreneur this story is so relevant, no matter what industry you are in, because of the obstacles and trials you go through. the story has the adventure of a wild ride but the inside view of a methodical entrepreneur who maintains laser focus. highly recommend.\n', 0], ["i recently reread another roadside attraction, the first time being over a decade ago. it wasn't my introduction to tom robbins (that was jitterbug perfume) but it was the world's. and after reading it again, i can see why he was so embraced and how this was the book that launched his career.not since kurt vonnegut (to whom robbins is often compared) has a writer been so handy with the construct of story, able to explore the greatest themes we face in our times through the simple foibles of quirky and fantastically flawed human beings nothing like us but everything like us. like vonnegut, robbins doesn't tell a story as it happens, but as its participants think and feel. on top of that, tom robbins is equally crafty with metaphor, drawing truly original comparisons that are sometimes baffling, sometimes brilliant, usually both.a tom robbins book, this one included, is not a plot-driven narrative, though it contains more than its fair share of breakneck unpredictable twists (especially as it nears its imminent and yet still astonishing climax, as all good novels and carnival rides should). in this case, the book is an entire amusement park-- one featuring a flea circus, a hot dog and juice stand (no coffee), and the most pathetic zoo you've ever heard of--and like all of robbins' books, is a rollicking ride through a philosophical dreamscape of the psycho-sexual-social minefield of his times (sex, the media, religion, war). and remarkably, they're as timely and relevant today as they were then. what another roadside attraction lacks in traditional story (call it build-up) it more than makes up for in colorful characters (with names like plucky purcell and marx marvelous) engaged in outrageous (and sometimes lascivious) escapades in a rich and fecund landscape of ideas.\n", 0], ['this book is especially good to advanced users with some basic pharmacologic background. it contains clinically useful drugs and their effects, abandoning those which you will never meet in hospital. i recommand it to senior medi students for their clinical rotation.\n', 0], ['there are so many books to read, i hardlyever read any twice. after having greenmansions stay in my mind since jr. high, iread it again in college. it was stillmysterious, wonderful, and romantic. irecommend it to everyone over 12 years old.\n', 0], ['lots of color photos which is great. great! how-to color photo sequence for making the head, body, etc. very cute ideas for clothes. but i dislike those tiny color photographs of near non-existent patterns which are also without adequate instructions. this author\'s aim when it comes to clothing patterns is that you learn to make your own patterns. like most of the other reviewers, i don\'t like the photocopying, then re-photocopying at different percentages that the author suggests. i also am glad for the so-called "pattern" (color copies of limbs and torso) of a jointed "baby" body. "making waldorf dolls" (a much better book) has a jointed "doll" body but i wanted a "baby" body too. even though the title does not mention waldorf dolls or sock dolls, that is what this book is about. i happen to love sock dolls for their soft huggability.\n', 0], ["i bought both this book and &quot;rites of passage...&quot; at the same time. this book was so full of information and examples that i sent &quot;rites of passage...&quot; back. i didn't need it. this is an excellent resource.\n", 0], ["in a recent writing assignment, my son reviewed julie of the wolves. here's what he had to say:when i first started julie of the wolves, i had no idea what to expect. i was in for a big surprise. i've read two other books by jean craighead george, both quite different than this book in two ways: first, sam (of my side of the mountain and its sequel the far side of the mountain) chooses to leave the modern world and live in the wilderness, whereas julie is running away from a marriage when she gets lost in the wilderness on the way to point hope, where her pen-pal lives. (it was news to me that eskimos married at thirteen. i doubt anyone would even think of marrying that early these days.) second, the protagonist of julie of the wolves is a girl. (sam, of course, is a boy, although both characters are roughly the same age.) this book is realistic. everything miyax/julie does to survive seems sensible and what i would do if i got lost in the wilderness. at the bookstore, don't pass by this book. pick it up and read the back. it should spark your interest. (for more cool reads, check out the other books i've reviewed.)\n", 0], ["don't get me wrong, this is normally a good thing. i have no problem with it. i hate to sound like ms. p.c. femi-nazi sourpuss with no sense of humor here, but i really don't like harold robbin's habit of constantly using a 4-letter word ending in &quot;t&quot; (and the word in question is not &quot;aunt&quot;!) as a synonym for female. i understand there are men who refer to women constantly that way, and when it fits in with the character or story, fine, but it got real old in this book. really, i've gotten pretty immune to sexism and chauvinism, but out-and-out hatred for women does get to me. i've noticed a trend in this and other robbins books where his few female characters (i say &quot;few&quot; as 90% of his female characters are always evil, whores, or castrating b----s )who have class and don't &quot;put out&quot;, or are gay, or monogamous, usually meet with horrible ends, or something tragic happens to them (usually rape). like i said, don't get me wrong, i'm all for a good, sleazy, even exploitational book, but sometimes i really wonder how this writer feels about women. well, he's dead now, so i guess it doesn't matter anymore, but i hope he didn't treat the women in his life the way women in his books are treated. that's just the feeling the book left me with. other than that, it's a farily enjoyable read, and it's always fun to figure out who his characters are based on-cord is obviously modeled on howard hughes. i liked the way he broke up the book into different character's stories, each of which were fascinating in their own way. nevada's story and rita's story stood out. like i said, the book is a good read, it just left me with kind of a bad taste in my mouth. that being said, as soon as i get paid, i'm picking up a copy of &quot;the raiders.&quot; (i told you i wasn't the pc type)\n", 0], ['anne willan... you can never go wrong with her cookbooks. her detailed methods and easy writing makes it a charm to cook with her books. i have tried so far three recipes and they turned out beautifully, as always.i would recommend this book to novice and experienced cooks.a final note: i thought this book might be too thick to be practical. however, owing to the high quality of binding, it is just fine. actually you do no even need a book holder.\n', 0], ['i purchased "the strange woman" because i\'ve read other ben ames williams books and was a little familiar with the story because of the movie of the same title. it turned out to be very entertaining and somewhat informative. williams said he started writing this book as a picture of life in bangor, maine in the years leading up to and during the civil war but ended up writing a novel about a very conniving and twisted woman.also, it\'s written from the perspective of seven men in her (jenny hager, the main character) life, and after a while it became almost impossible to put down because there was a certain level of suspense due to her actions. it does actually paint a very interesting picture of life in those times, including the civil war and i\'d say williams did his homework well.i highly recommend this to anyone interested in historical fiction and the interesting characters in it. it turned out to be a fascinating work about a woman who isn\'t seen for what she truly is except by a very few.\n', 0], ['what a wonderful love story! i just devoured this. of course, it helps that i love dogs, but i also love a good, complex heroine and a hunky yet slightly dorky hero and it even had a funny kid in it! who could ask for more, right? oh and show tunes! yay for leslie schnur. this book made me happy.and for you analytical types, there was a lot of good symbolism too. look for mimi the dog as a "me me" character for nina. abandoned by her dad, found by a caring person, and ultimately matched with the right person for her.\n', 0], ['this book starts out really great, laugh out loud comedy great. it doesn\'t remain great. bryson feels the need to weave negativity into this book at every chapter. i kid not the man basically blames acid rain on the national park services. actually he blames everything on acid rain and the national park service. "the weather is unusually warm, must be due to some park ranger."don\'t get me wrong there are parts of the book that are great, can\'t put the book down great, but then he drifts off into his opinion of something and ruins the book. so if a good read laced with negativity is your thing, dig in, otherwise look for another book.\n', 0], ["it took me more than 4 weeks to finish this book. most parts of the book were difficult to understand. that means i didn't understand them.i started out thinking it would be a great journey to read the whole 700+ pages of great writing. as i went along, i found that i couldn't understand one-tenth of what was going on. well, i had to finish the book because i wanted to experience what many people say is the greatest novel ever written.one thing i learned from reading this book is that when you are faced with something you don't understand, it is okay to get the hell out. otherwise, you'd just be wasting 4 weeks of your life.needless to say, i will never forget the four weeks i spent reading this book. i'd remember it as one of the darkest periods of my life.\n", 0], ["like many other reviewers, i felt that the book was going along great until the abrupt ending. it seems to me that milo and alex just don't care anymore. alex seems almost sociopathic in this book, which was very upsetting to me. also, i agree that spike has much more appeal that either robin or alison, but of the two women i prefer alison. she doesn't whine or complain and she is capable of taking care of herself and others (remember when she saved robins whiny butt?). anyway, i hope mr kellerman reverts back to his previous form of excellent plots and great character development.\n", 0], ["alex delaware is a psychiatrist that accepts to work for the police. the case he is on is very bleak and sordid. it all turns around a psychopath who can perfectly cover up his tracks and last a very long time and thus enjoy his crimes just as long. his crime is to impregnate women especially kids in foster care under his responsibility and his wife's and under age, and then make them abort. create and destroy. the typical game of so many kids who build up a tower of wooden blocks and then push it down enjoying both the building and the tearing down. what's original in this novel is that we follow lieutenant milo sturgis and doctor delaware in their slow discovery of the crime. they will never have real evidence, only their psychological thinking, deducting and rebuilding. the novel leads us on a wrong trail and then on the right one, which could be wrong too. we do not know really. what they cogitate is logical. it fits but they have no evidence. the chase will end up with a piece of frontier justice and lieutenant milo sturgis will pass the baby over to standard police services and seems to be willing to close his eyes on those who have played wild west justice. the novel though has a flaw. the murderer's wife has known all along, or at least has had the opportunity to know and has had to know some of the crimes all along and she never turned authorities against him though they made a living overusing their position of foster family and homeschooling facility and that institution of theirs was the criminal turf of the husband. it is a shortcoming because the wife is supposed to be a good christian who nearly made it as a minister though she dropped out because her husband was kicked out of the seminary and she followed him. it is amazing that the husband could have raped under-age girls for years and the wife would have known nothing about it, including the abortions, and that all these girls would have said nothing to her in any way. suspend your disbelief. it is probably why so many crimes succeed, but generally they succeed only for a short while not for a long long while. but it is interesting to follow the mind of this psychiatrist and his lieutenant friend, though we wonder after some pages of their cogitations if they are not just as perverted as the criminals they are tracking.dr jacques coulardeau, universit? paris dauphine, universit? paris i panth?on sorbonne\n", 0], ['the feisty governess, difficult children and sprightly governess has been done elsewhere so many time and a lot better. none of the characters have depth , and the degree of either sensuality or witty repartee is totally lacking. fine if you have nothing better to pass the time with, but this is not a stand out novel, and it is quite telling that there is a request at the back of the book for aspiring authors to start submitting proposals. they really are scraping the bottom of the regency genre barrel at this stage to keep churning out such predictable fluff.\n', 0], ["while shaw may have been a gifted playwright, his &quot;saint joan&quot; did an enormous disservice to the subject: the view it presents of joan of arc conflicts with the historical evidence on nearly every point, echoing instead the propaganda of her enemies. in truth, her trial was orchestrated by the english and their clerical allies (and even shaw admits that the inquisition overturned the verdict in 1456, shortly after the english were finally driven out of rouen); nor was joan a &quot;rebel&quot; except in the minds of her political opponents. by dredging up this fraudulent view of la pucelle, shaw's play was among the first popular works to undermine the efforts of countless scholars whose research had brought a more truthful view of the issue to light. for an historically accurate version, i would recommend any book by regine pernoud, many of which are offered here at amazon.\n", 0], ["i purchased this book in the hope it would shed more light and information about the poles who perished during the occupation of poland. unfortunately, more time and effort was spent on detailing the various political parties and intercine squabble between various partisan groups that providing the reader with concrete details about the numbers of poles who died during ww ii. i also believe too much emphasis was placed on the various political shenanigans and squabbles that took place among the various political factions whether it be between gentile poles, polish jews, socialist poles, communist poles, etc. as a history major and a pole, i think the author could have done much better. this reads more like a glorified thesis paper for a master's degree. credit should be given to the author for documenting the difficulties all poles experienced under the nazis and the communists. only in poland was your whole family killed for harboring a jew. the remainder of nazi occupied europe did not face such severe consequences for such activity. it was also pointed out that poland was the only country of nazi occupied europe that did not have a quisling or petain that actively collaborated with the nazis.\n", 0], ["i proudly join the long list of people here who loved &quot;the great gatsby.&quot; indeed, i read it at least once a year, preferably when it's as hot here as it was in east and west egg during the telling of the tale. fitzgerald captures so much of human attitude in his characters and the telling of the story that each reading brings a fresh insight not only to the story, but to its relevancy in the late 20th century.two particular comments: doesn't it strike you that our current inhabitants of the white house are daisy and tom buchannon? easy to be friend with, but they are not friends on whom you can rely. they use people not deliberately, one suspects, but rather innocently, as daisy and tom do. though i voted for bill in primaries and general elections, it's been an interesting revelation to me to see the buchannons come alive in whitewater, paula jones, personal aides left dangling before committee investigations, and the like.second comment: this edition is the best i've seen. i purchased it several years ago and bruccoli's insight is wonderful. after reading his discussion of time and fitzgerald's use of time tables, time of day (both painstakingly accurate and terribly casual), and even how the chapters in the final version never quite made sense, i enjoyed a stronger sense of the mastery of the work.enough. great book, great edition: read it and reap!\n", 0], ['i am reading this book all over again for the, hmm, i really have lost count - let\'s just say the umpteenth time. reading it was supposed to be a "filler" until the time i could lay my hands on an as yet unread book. needless to say, though i have other books in line now, i am completely drawn in and am not willing to give up reading pride and prejudice till i reach "the end" again.this is a book which keeps growing on you and you like it even more on each subsequent reading. the characterization is simply brilliant. the dialogues, though too convoluted and flowery by today\'s standards, are a treat to read. the characters are all mostly likeable. though it is supposed to be a romance, there is a whole lot more to the book. each reading brings out subtler shades and makes you nod your head delighted as the new facet presents itself!pride and prejudice has to be one of my most favorite books of all time. i can read it any time and love it all over again. you are missing out on a real treat if you have not read it yet - go get it :-)!another note: i think because the protagonist is female, women tend to enjoy this book a whole lot more than men!\n', 0], ['deep, fun, and educational. pratchett continues to impress with his sense of humor and erudition. an excellent read for those who like to grow smarter/more mature while laughing.\n', 0], ["i've been a fan of austen for 20 years and this is one of my favorites. it can appear to be a little stilted due to the time period it was written in, but the story is timeless and that's why movies keep getting made with it as a base story.\n", 0], ['love the service it was fast and arrived earlier than what i expected. satisfaction guaranteed. i think it was a great deal!!\n', 1], ['cracking the new e-conomy has been a great help in developing strategies for my new company. i was not looking for an ipo homerun but this book has given me some great insights that have caused me to rethink my goals entirely. i really like the fact that i was gathering advice from 60 plus professionals rather than just one. it was like attending a weeklong conference without the cost. a great investment!\n', 0], ["i'm just starting to learn about design, reading online and checking some books at the library of my college. this book is a great help because it does tell you the key fact that all ideas are there, borrowing is ok to transform something into a new well crafted thing,and you can find inspiration in many, many ways. many useful information, tips, quotes, in general, i'm gonna buy this book for my collection.\n", 0], ["now, i am not going to say that this is one of the best books ever. but it is right up there on my list of my top ten all time greatest books ever written. i really enjoyed this book, this is one of those books where you have to force yourself to put it down. i must say there were several times, where i would rush to complete an assigned task or something else to read this book. i am a mother of four children ranging in ages from 12 years to 2 years and i dared anyone of them to touch the books before i finished them. without spilling any details of the book, this is a very captivating story and from page one of book one you are literally thrown into christoper's fantasy world and the vivid language and storytelling really gets the imagination going. i absolutely loved, loved, loved this book.\n", 0], ['this writer is the source of the 1964, "leo frank dental x-ray hoax" and "mary phagan flesh bite mark hoax".\n', 0], ['the "live in-class problems" that are halfway done are only available to instructors. this book can be fully utilized if it is used by a instructor in the class, otherwise, a self learner would not have an access to the required files needed to do the end of chapter exercises.\n', 0], ['i loved the book, but was very disappointed that my neighborhood which is around mckinley square, morrisania library, fulton avenue y, crotona park and the indian lake, boston road yiddish theater, jennings street with jackie the pickle man were not mentioned.\n', 0], ['i bought this book right out when it first came out and i am still trying to force myself to finish the book so that i can stick it in the back of the collection to be forgotten about. it starts out okay but it just takes a nose dive after a while and it just doesnt get better from there on. i will borrow the next one before i go out and but it\n', 0], ["this book is very amusing but also a comfortable read...a comedy of manners set in post ww ii england. there is also a sequel which i enjoyed almost as much. looking for deep thought? don't read this. looking for a cosy companion? this is a good one!\n", 0], ["this is my first review. i don't normaly write them except that i found this book to be exactly what i was looking for. i needed to learn php and i had to do it on my own.i am a complete beginner in this area.the chapters were clear and concise. the code was explained without 'over explaining&quot; it.there are small quizes in each section to help reinforce the learning.i didn't find any problems with the source code.if you're looking for a place to start with php i don't think you can find a better book.\n", 0], ['it\'s been a long while since i have been thoroughly enchanted by a book. brian keene\'s "the rising" starts with action and ends with action...with interesting splashses sandwiched inbetween. when i read the back cover i was thinking "ok, typical generic characters" priest, scientist, hero, prostitute..., but once i started reading i was very pleased. the characters are fleshed out and i actually care for them. i can see how some people would not like the ending, but in my opinion, it allows the book to live on even after it has ended...just like the zombies. anyways, if you\'re into post apocolyptic/zombie/gore then you won\'t be disappointed. read!\n', 0], ['w. j. cash is hard to pin down. liberals, from c. vann woodward to nell painter, seem to have little use for him. conservatives, like donald davidson and the other southern agrarians, also had little use for cash. yet cash\'s book is still in print and being read sixty five years after his suicide. there are reasons for this. first there is the unique cash style. in his excellent introduction, bertram wyatt-brown advises the reader to imagine cash as a country lawyer presenting a case in court or perhaps sitting in the town square swapping stories with friends. there is much merit to this advice. cash\'s style is often folksy, sometimes sarcastic and, at other times, completely his own as he summons unique and usually spot on phrases to describe aspects of southern culture. cash is a product of his time though he does not spend that much time on the old south and rather focuses his energy on "the frontier the yankee made." but do not think cash is an old south apologist. he has little use for the hagiographic tradition of the dunning school or the nashville circle of agrarians and his book clearly reflects it.but cash is no traditional liberal either. he was a man of his time and place as is shown in his comments on race on gender. cash clearly feels that continuity was the chief hallmark of the southern past and shows it again and again, from the planters leading the "man at the center" in the old south to the lack of success of the labor movement in the 20\'s and 30\'s.cash\'s interests as a newspaperman are also reflected in his book. cash handled book reviews and foreign affairs editorials during his tenure at the charlotte news. his comments on authors and books remain some of the more interesting and lively parts of his magnum opus. the threat of tyranny, which cash wrote about in great length in his columns, was on cash\'s mind as he wrote the book as can clearly be seen in the last pages.if somewhat dated, cash\'s book remains one of the most interesting and controversial looks at the south. while often critical of his home region, cash remains very attached to it and its virtues. above all, cash believed in the south as a unique and interesting region. in this age of mass communications and moving around the country, southerners looking to understand their region before its completely submerged into a common culture should look at cash. for if the south is to survive, it will not be a sense of place, it will be a sense of mind. in an era when we can order the same food, listen to the same music, watch the same television in asheville, oak park, denver and trenton, cash may be more important than ever to southern survival.\n', 0], ['this book is a must read if you are interested in living in the dark ages. the only people who think this book makes sense are lacking in science education. if you think saying "evolution is just a theory" somehow discounts evolution, you need to crack open a scientific dictionary and look up the word "theory"!\n', 0], ['this is my first time reading any sherlock holmes stories, and i am extremely glad i bought it. the stories and characters are engaging and enjoyable. the mysteries are well thought out and the writing is good.i will admit i got this after seeing the recent movie, but i am extremely glad i did. i have not finished them yet, preferring rather to take my time with them and go through a story or two every few days. but everything i have read so far has been highly enjoyable.\n', 0], ["this book is chilling. its is a a great book of the vampire chronicle. it is by far the best book of anne rice i have ever read. lestat the main character of the book who is sly and cunning. he stalks this big time drug dealer who is also a huge art dealer. who deals in tiny books by weinkne. wienken is roger the dealers closeist thing to religon but is just a book about sex. lestat is also inchanted by the dealers daghter. dora is also a religous leader but not of wienkens religon but of a cross between cristian and cothlic. lestat finely decides to kill her father but after killing him he turns to a ghost. he sits down and has a talk with lestat. roger the dealer tells lestat his whole life story. lestat promissed roger he would make his daughter except his gifts but not in a ruff way. sence his daughter would have nothing to do with his elegal things. once rger pass's into the beyond. lestat then iherits his fortne. lestat later is being followed by a shady man. who later turns out to be menoch the devil. who takes lestat to heaven and hell and through time. lestat soul is now locked in a battle between heaven and hell. good and evil. lestat almost is lot to the dark side but then bites the neck of jesus hanging on the cross and draws blood. not as evilness but god gave him self to save the soul of this vampire lestat. personally i could not but the book down. it is a great piece of literature. deffenitly worht reading.\n", 0], ['josephus was a traitor,yes,and he was not an eyewitness to it all. his sources were an invaluable help to him in writing this account.and once again the jewish people get short shrift. yet this book is a necessary evil and should be read,not on its own,but with other sources for a rounded history. everything we read can be put together like a jigsaw puzzle providing us with the insights needed to understand the middle east today.\n', 0], ['received on time and thank you for rel good on time service.his chapter on pain is the best.\n', 0], ['there\'s a lot of material here that you won\'t find in, say, bartlett\'s familiar quotations. and some of it is surprising, some of it is delightful, a lot is funny, and some of it useful for cribbing. (take the structure of an insult aimed at x, rearrange a word or two, and aim it at y.) for example, mark twain is quoted on the cover as saying, "suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of congress, but i repeat myself." (incidentally this gem is not in bartlett\'s, at least not in the sixteenth edition, which i have.) teachers, for example, can then say, "suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were an administrator, but i repeat myself." for those of you in the business world, just plug in "ceo," etc.also not found in bartlett\'s (alas there\'s a lot unavoidably not found in bartlett\'s, but that\'s another review), is this on critics from marilyn monroe: "i\'ve always felt those articles somehow reveal more about the writers than they do about me." dumb blonde?--troubled, but not dumb.compiler colin jarman organizes the verbal swordplay into chapters by category, beginning with "critics and criticism" in chapter one, followed by "the creative arts"...through literature, drama, film, music...religion, etc., ending with "insults, retorts, and self-criticism" in which the quoted get to insult themselves, e.g., "i\'m as pure as the driven slush" -tallulah bankhead. there\'s an index by name referencing both the speaker and the target.the quality of the insults and ironic misspeakings is very high. i read this through in one setting some years ago, compulsively, and had many a chuckle and some outright belly laughs, and then i read it again a couple of years later and laughed anew. looking through it once again, i have to say, there was a lot i underappreciated.bottom line: worth both the candle and the plastic.\n', 0], ['for the first time in my reading life ive finally found a book that holds back nothing at all,it is straight foward and to the point about any drug available.i was very pleased to see the section about the sixth this is a valuable piece of info especially to the teens out there who think steroids are a joke.i liked the articles on the pros and what some of them are known to have taken.if you are serious about juice this is the book for you,it has correct dosages and side affects for all the top anabolics.this is also an interesting book to read and it really taught me alot,thanx guys you have made it so much clearer!\n', 0], ["i read this book when it was first published in 1955. long out of print, it is a fascinating story, superbly told by a gifted writer, about the participants in a lottery (the tontine). in a tontine, the money is paid out to the sole survivor; and this can take a lifetime to accomplish, as first one, then another of the many original participants dies. the reader is instantly caught up in the lives of the characters, and is kept in marvelous suspense until the end. costain has crafted a brilliant and beautiful novel. i can't wait to read it again!!\n", 0], ["this is one of stephen king's best books. highly recommended. i would place it in his top 3 of all time\n", 0], ["in only one hundred pages chesterton encapsulates the influences on and works of george bernard shaw, and he is on top form. i should say up front for those that want the drive-thru version, go direct to chapters 2 and 6 (35 pages total) for a sound grasp of the man, the playwright, and the later works; and double back to chapter 5 (20 pages) for the earlier works. the last chapter explains how shaw lost his faith in humanism through reading plato [tis se philei, o sokrates;], and fell back in disarray to nietzsche for backup.what makes this biography so incisive? firstly the fact that chesterton and shaw were old friends and debating partners. second, that they were both literary gents of sharply contrasting style, and consequently struck generous bright sparks off one another. under this stimulus the normally verbose chesterton style is reigned in, which is a relief to those who have ever been frustrated by it. (it should go without saying that he is worth persevering with, but i took about five reads of 'orthodoxy' to really get it. his fiction is much more concise - odd but true.)\n", 0], ['1984 is an awesome book! it changed my life. it will change yours.\n', 0], ["you can't always read a book merely because it's a &quot;classic&quot; and expect it to be &quot;that good.&quot; yet 1984 is &quot;that good.&quot; the first half of the book is a bit slow and stagnant, yet the end section of this book is absolutely frightening and marvelous. what happens to julia and winston is so incredibly sad that i cried. yes, this is just a book. yet, when you think in a broader perspective... if you rise above the &quot;plot&quot; and think of orwell's message, you can't help but be in awe. think about it, orwell's three principles in the book:war is peacefreedom is slaveryignorance is strengthhow relevant is that to today?! when you answer that question, you realize why this is novel, written in 1949, is a &quot;future&quot; novel...yet you realize how the eerie future orwell presents in his novel relates to modern times.a must-read...but don't just read it. it's more important to try to grasp orwell's message in the book.marvelous, wonderful, frightening, and more importantly, it makes you think.\n", 0], ["george orwell's 1984 is not only the best book he wrote, but also without any doubt the best apocalyptical novel ever written and probably also the best book written in the 20ieth century, that is the most important one. george orwell once wrote that if one was to summarize his complete work, or find one topic in all of his books, novels, essays and short stories, it would be his fight against totalitarian systems. so 1984 wasn't only the last book he ever wrote, but also his impressive final work on the topic that had influenced all his work. why is it so genius? mainly because it is a universal work. of course it describes perfectly well real totalitarian systems that existed, like stalin's or hitler's, and it is basically a book against totalitarian systems, but it is also more. it describes a society, but also the minds of the people living in it, it describes the way mankind could be, it is a universal book about human evil. ideas like doublethink or newspeak seem frightening familiar to us, we know the trends that lead to what has become out of society in 1984. the probably most shocking thing about 1984 is that it is perfectly realistic and logical in its structure. it is a perfect dictatorship, with high tech and omniposcient. the main difference between the system in 1984 and, for example, hitler's dictatorship is that the government in 1984 can do something no other dictatorship in reality ever could: totally reign over man's mind. what socrates once said today still is true: the thoughts are free. even people resisting the nationalsocialistic regime and being caught and tortured still had their thoughts, they could make them say anything, but they could not make them really believe it. in 1984, even thoughts are slaved, it takes a long time to change winston's mind, and it is not easy, but they finally succeed, finally winston's mind is changed, impressively demonstrated by the famous final sentence of the book. the shocking thing is that even this seems to be possible to the reader, no one can claim that it's not logical. it is interesting to know that orwell really believed that the future would look like 1984. sure, he was dying while writing 1984 and had ergo no hope left, but nevertheless it is too easy to claim that he was too pessimistic, anyway. 1984 also is based on his own experience, the confrontation with inhumanity and human misery in his whole life, the experience of the slums in paris and london, the spanish civil war, english hippocritical people, the nazis and the holocaust, etc. one really can see the ideas presented in 1984 developing in his work, &quot;politics and the english language&quot; is nothing else but a description of newspeak, and in &quot;looking back on the spanish civil war&quot;, he already talks about the concept of the nonexistence of truth in a totalitarian system, even using the same example (2+2=5). it is also too easy to say that 1984 is over, that orwell was wrong, and what he predicted will never actually happen. 1984 is a warning, a horrible and shocking warning which must not be ignored by anyone.\n", 0], ["this book is just plain boring and useless. it lacks any kind of climax and its &quot;action&quot; scenes are still boring and serve no real purpose. save your money for a real novell! anyone who likes horses might partially care about the main character, but otherwise you'll find yourself wishing he was dead so you could stop reading it! the character has no flare of personality and is your basic stupid goody-two-shoes.any real book the characters have flaws. of course, this book is lousy and the characters are just boring. i have consulted several others and we all agree on one point: its a total waste of money, time, and effort. this book somehow managed to become a classic, proboble just because it has to do with horses. it has no plot! there really must be better ways to spend your time than read this book! this so-called novel deserves a -999999999 rating.\n", 0], ['leon uris does a great job in topaz--the book really does leave you wondering what is ficition and what is truth! the story is basically about the cuban missile crisis of october 1962, but we are also taken 20 years back in time to war-torn europe, seeing how capitalism and communism even then played a role in the danger that young president kennedy faced. the book is engagingly easy-to-read, and does a tremendous job of tying loose ends together--i highly recommend &quot;topaz&quot;!\n', 0], ['a handsome tale brimming with unforgetable characters who are funny, unique and most importantly believable. can easily stand alone from lonesome dove. looking forward to reading the two other accompanying pieces to this wonderful frontier tale.\n', 0], ["a lovely story - strong stoic australians and englishi really enjoyed this story as i was a child when it was told as radio serial and wasn't old enough to listen to it.a fine read\n", 0], ['this book is should be about aztecs and cortes. thats a cultural war...\n', 0], ["this is not a novel for those who like quick action and a lot of dialogue. robinson crusoe is superbly written, and tends to draw out the events, with a great deal of imagery provided in order to describe everything with minute details. seeing as to how this is one of my favorite novels, i have read robinson crusoe probably about six times, in more than one language. my favorite aspect of this novel is the language in which it is written. defoe's ability to make every word worth reading is enough to captivate and ignite the imagination. i do not think that if you like fast-paced novels that you would enjoy this masterpiece, but it is a matter of personal preference. if you enjoy well-developed character, then robinson crusoe's character is one worth devoting your time to. defoe creates a human being, with faults and flaws, as well as dignified qualities. robinson crusoe is truly worthy of emulation, and is one of the greatest-developed characters in a work of literature. i recommend this novel to anyone who is willing to take the time to read every sentence and who is not so impatient as to expect action to appear on every page of the novel.\n", 0], ["having last read 'robinson crusoe' in a heavily edited edition for children i was surprised about the tedious writing style. it reminds me very much of german author karl may, whose heros are equally sanctimonious, althouh less willing to ship slaves and indentured women hither and tither.a few examples: crusoe first becomes a slave himself in morocco, escapes with the help of an arab youth and sells him at a profit at the first occasion. later, the voyage that leads to him being stranded on his island is a (even then illegal) slaving run from brasil to africa. later on he frees some equally stranded spaniards from the natives and makes a compact with them to escape together - a compact he conveniently forgets when a better plan presents itself, leaving the spaniards behind. when he finally returns after around 15 years it is not to save them but to claim ownership of his island which they had since settled in. he is gracious enough to let them stay there though, even buying some women from brasil for them so that entertainment is provided for.much of this criticism is ahistorical, and the book is interesting at least in that it provides insight into a way of thinking that has become alien to us. as always with the oxford world classic's series the book is excellent value for money, with a good introduction, useful notes and a glossary.\n", 0], ["when washington power broker joel backman gets a presidential pardon after serving six years of his twenty-year sentence in federal prison for compromising national security, he is given a new identity and sent to italy. he undergoes an intensive language and culture training program to integrate him into italian life and hide him from danger... at least that's what he's told. what he doesn't know is that he has been set up by the cia as a target for assassination in order to determine which foreign agency he tried to sell secrets to.joel backman might be a former lawyer, but this is no legal thriller. there are no courtroom scenes, crime investigations, or legal maneuvers. it borders more on an espionage thriller, although the cloak-and-dagger action is minimal. the book consists mostly of backman's struggles to keep a low profile in a foreign country and outfox his nameless pursuers. there is some amusing humor at the start of the book as the completely inept president, in his last hours in office, is bullied by the cia into pardoning backman. but that rapidly falls by the wayside as backman goes into hiding. i found that the best part of the book was its delightful travel narrative, with backman playing tourist and absorbing the local color of treviso, bologna, and other italian cities. i imagined myself sitting with backman in the cafes, drinking espresso and dining on fantastic local cuisine, learning italian, and wandering the arched portico-covered sidewalks while absorbing the scenic panoramas of bologna.although the first half of the book was fairly suspenseful, the ending was very disappointing. it seems that grisham grew weary of backman's predicament and decided to tie up the loose ends far too tidily. he brought the story abruptly to an unrealistic and naive conclusion. this is not one of grisham's best efforts, but if you enjoy travelogues and want to practice your italian 101, you might consider that the book's redeeming quality.thanks, teressa :)\n", 0], ['how did hemingway do it? how did he just put the simplest of words together, words that anyone might use, yet in such a way that shall always haunt and transcend? "the sun also rises" epitomizes hemingway\'s effortless, aesthetically athletic prose ... though some could easily argue that "old man and the sea" was such an epitome. the most interesting character in the story may be lady ashley, a deliciously decadent, charmingly complicated, and irresistibly intellectual, ethereal woman. the relationship between she and jake is nostalgically impossible, yet quixotically optimistic, with perhaps the greatest culminating line in all of literature, "isn\'t it pretty to think so?" however, the witty, eccentric banter between the main characters is enough to keep readers turning pages for centuries. anyone who thinks that hemingway\'s work may be cynical, in my humble opinion, has not read the likes of this simple and deep and remarkable novel.\n', 0], ['my mother gave me this book when i was about twelve years old. and, still now this book serves as a constant inspiration ...\n', 0], ['now i have been, as is my wont when i get "hooked" on some writer, on something of a james baldwin tear of late, reading or re-reading everything i can get my hands on. at the time of this review i have already looked at "go tell it on the mountain", "tell me how long the train\'s been gone", and "if beale street could talk." frankly those works, while well written and powerful, did not altogether remind me why i was crazy to read everything that baldwin wrote when i was a kid. the baldwin black liberation manifesto (and, maybe, white liberation as a by-product), "the fire next time", "spoke" to me then and after forty years still "speaks" to me now in so-called "post-racial" obama time.back in the early 1960s i used to listen to a late night talk show on the local radio station in boston. many times the host would have malcolm x on and the airwaves would light up with his take on white racism, black nationalism and the way forward for the black liberation struggle- and away from liberal integrationism. now in those days i was nothing but a woolly-headed white, left liberal "wannabe" bourgeois politico kid who believed in black liberation but in the context of working within the prevailing american society. i was definitely, and adamantly, opposed to the notion of a separate black state on the american continent if for no other reason that it would look something like the then existing ghettos, writ large, that i was committed to getting rid of and a set up for black genocide if things got too hot. and i still am. so, on the one hand, i admired, and i really did, malcolm x for "speaking truth to power" on the race question while on the other disagreeing with virtually every way he wanted to achieve it.now that scenario is the predicate for james baldwin\'s assuredly more literary, but seemingly more hopeful, way of getting the thread of the malcolm x message about white racism out while posing the possibility (or, maybe, necessity) of joint struggle to get rid of it. in my recent re-reading of "the fire next time" i was struck by how much of baldwin\'s own hard-fought understandings on the question of race intersected with the nation of islam, malcolm at the time, and elijah mohammad\'s. oddly, i distinctly remember debating someone, somewhere on the question of black nationalism and using baldwin\'s more rational approach as a hammer against the black nationalists. i probably overdrew his more balanced view of a multiracial american then, if not now.still, jimmy was onto something back then. something that airy-headed kids like me, who thought that once the struggle in the south was won then the struggle in the north could be dealt with merely by a little fine-tuning, were clueless about. don\'t smirk. but do note this: while only a fool or political charlatan, would deny that there have been gains for the black population since those civil rights struggle days the pathology of racism and, more importantly, the hard statistics of racism (housing segregation, numbers in the penal system, unemployment and underemployment rates, education, and a whole range of other factors) tell a very different story about how far blacks really have come over the last half century. a story that makes "the fire next time" read like it could have been written today. and to be read today. thanks, jimmy.\n', 0], ['this book is little more than recycled propaganda from about 1915.but it is viciously anti-german and that is enough to make it a "classic".truly one of the great hate books of all time.germanophobia sells,always has and probably always will.something for you aspiring historians to keep in mind.if you want to know how wwi really started,read harry elmer barnes or sidney fay.\n', 0], ['i bought this book not knowing a lick of win32 api programming, so i had to take a crash course in win32 programming first, as the book starts off assuming you know the api. thankfully, it leaves mfc and atl to the last chapter and focuses solely on c and the api.one problem i had with the book is that the examples in the text are often quite wrong in terms of number/use of parameters, and leave out some details that can be misleading. besides the examples, the text has frequent misleading information (p.44: &quot;first you can call the commandbar_insertbutton() function...&quot; later on the same page: &quot;the other function you can use to add buttons is the commandbar_insertbutton() function...&quot; - the first quote should have said commandbar_addbutton())if you are paying attention and following the book closely, you will weed out these inconsistencies, though, and should come out of it with respectable knowledge of ce.\n', 0], ["i got this book for my 4 year old daughter and she loves it. she loves all of kevin henkes books. my daughter has an unusual name so i am sure that later on as she progresses in school that she may encounter the victoria's of the world and know how absolutely perfect that her name is for her and all that love her.\n", 0], ['i have just started reading this author and was pleasantly surprised that the books were so fun to read. looking forward to the others i ordered.\n', 0], ['mr palahniuk has again delivered a surprising story with some clever plot.nicholas r.w. henning - australian author\n', 0], ['if ever a book was going to take the title "worst novel i have ever read" away from the awful \'neanderthal\', this one had a shot, but alas, it\'s probably only the second worst novel i\'ve ever dragged through.\n', 0], ['i had to read this book for my high school english class. i hated every bit of it actually i never finished it. this book does not belong on the list of classic must reads. as a college student now i thought i would give the book a second chance just as something to read for my own personal joy of reading. this is still to this day the worse book i have ever read in my life!! how could anyone actually like this back enough to rate it 3 star much less 5. this should be rated in negative stars.\n', 0], ['if you love sailing stories then cornwell is a master at it. i found it hard to put down . as i read it as an ebook the big disappointment is that any diagrams are too small to decipher so i had to get an atlas out to track the plan of the sailing race.\n', 0], ['first of all, i must say that i injoyed this book very much, this is the second real book i have ever read since i am only a 15 year old teenager, but as a person who is new to reading i truly did love this book by grisham, my friends had told me that he is a great writer and i said ok i should read a book of his and i did, so if any teenager might see this review- buy the book! 2 diffrent sub-plots connecting in an exiting way. great plot, awasome characters and a pretty nice ending.(wicth i really want to tell you about but i wont) i may not be a person who read alot of books but i truly did enjoy this one.buy it\n', 0], ["currahee! (a battle cry) covers a paratrooper's training and 7 days of intense combat in the normandy invasion. the battle starts by parachuting from a plane a couple hundred feet off the ground, barely high enough for the parachute to open (many others' did not open in time). dropped about 12 miles from the intended location, the paratroopers gathered in small groups and moved towards the sound of battle. often with no officers present, they launched themselves at superior forces. this is a fast paced book, with very graphic descriptions of submachine gun and grendade fighting - a great eye-witness account.\n", 0], ['so full of lyrical prose, and delicious adjectives that you want to wrap yourself up in it, and never put it down. not because the story is so good, it is actially a very simple, static tale, but the laguage is so rich, it almost seems like poetry.if you are an author, or are wanting to be an author, or have ever even considered the idea for more than a minute, pick up this book, and find out what it means to wield a pen with such skill and dexterity that you make it seem effortless.\n', 0], ["this book just doesn't advance the stor\n", 0], ["this latest in the mrs. murphy series is a pretty good one. in it we have a monastery with monks trying to make it in the modern world. we also have a virgin mary statue that appears to be crying real blood. of course harry and her pals can't believe in this stigmata, so she must try to find out what causes the phenomenon. while they're investigating, an old monk dies. harry doesn't think it's natural causes, and when his body goes missing from his grave, the rest of crozet know they've got a problem. never fear harry, tucker, mrs. murphy and pewter will solve the case, but not before more death, and danger to harry. i do enjoy this series. it's light and entertaining. so what if i figure out the mystery before the end of the book! it's quite a bit of fun getting there.\n", 0], ['i would recommend this as a first read for those new to the faith. it will answer many questions and raise new ones.\n', 0], ['the language, the indefatiguable love story, the tying up loose ends. wholly satisfying! i enjoy comparing the book to the movies.\n', 0], ['the author described this as follows:. author-attorneys elias explain how to:"# use all the basic tools of legal research# narrow the area of law to be researched in order to better define the legal question# read and understand statutes, regulations and cases# evaluate cases for their value as precedent# practice what you\'ve learned with "hands-on, feet-in" library exercises, as well as hypothetical research problems and solutions "this is all true. the book is very well organized and topical.it is in simple english.it can be a quick read or a good study depending on your current needs.it makes complicated issues a bit less complicated by breaking them down and by having you do research.i am not saying this book makes it easy for all, law is a very difficult and technique driven entity!i am saying this will help you to understand and perhaps even help a case of your own.examples are given from many differing types of legal mattersit explains \'shepardizing" and how to use it to create a stronger casei do believe if you aregood at researchgood at understanding or wanting to understand the lawgood at debate and \'proofs\'desperate for legal ideas and help and can do the above or know someone who canyou will really find this book invaluable.i know it has given me some great ideas and i can keep abreast with my lawyer and sometimes addpertinent info to him....they are filled with cases and the more research and help you provide..the better you may fare in court.i do heartily recommend this to those so inclined.\n', 0], ["who better to write a book on the manson family murders than the prosecutiing attorney. vincent bugliosi captures what actually happened during those two nights in 1969. through testimony of his witnesses he gets eye-witness truths abouy manson and his family. the best book i've ever read.\n", 0], ["most of the birds and animals get two pages showing the drawing process for each. on those two pages, the drawing goes through 5 to 9 steps detailing how to draw the different textures of the animal using hatching, cross-hatching, line and stippling. the last sections include drawing flowers (arrowhead, pond lily, etc.), trees (melaleuca, pine tree) and landscapes (sloughs and everglades).pluses of the book: directions are clear, each example ends with an outline figure for the reader to practice on, wide variety of animals (songbirds, waterbirds, raptors, reptiles, mammels, even birds' nests).drawbacks: finished work is somewhat stiff.overall, it's a useful book to get someone started drawing wildlife.\n", 0], ["i think that cathy and chris could have went there own way as to marrying each other that is going a liitle to far. because family should not do that no matter what the results of thier childhoods are. maybe if they thought good enough they wouldn't have done that and had kids of thier own to have them possible doing the same thing when they get older.\n", 0], ["this sequal is a little different from the rest as it is told from the perspective of cathy's kids bart and jory.bart is a troubled little boy who seems to get his jollies from torture and disrespect. jory is the complete opposite. when the mysterious &quot;woman in black&quot; moves in next door, things get really interesting. bart discovers that the man that has been his father all thru his childhood is not really his father, but his uncle and his mother's incestial relationship with him.the woman next door turns out to be someone you never in a million years expected her to be and the ending displays an almost supernatural sort of love. read it! you won't be sorry!\n", 0], ['it is the best book on leadership that i have read in a very long time. i have read it twice and am going to give a class to the mission committee on the book the class will last at least 10 or more weeks. if you are in charge and want help use this book to keep every one on the same pagepcm\n', 0], ["the true story of the battle of britain. this book is a good read. it's about the planning of the battle of britain on german side, and the planning of the british defense, on the british side. if the battle of britain had succeeded, it would have been the first successful cross-channel invasion since william the conqueror in 1066. hitler's half-hearted attempt at an invasion was bungled from the start. he didn't count on britain being prepared. he was expecting britain to be like poland and the soviet union with its planes on the ground like sitting ducks. churchill had once said that french said that britain would have her neck wrung like a chicken. then he quipped &quot;some chicken--some neck.&quot;\n", 0], ['another great book by kristin!! love all of her books and cant wait until i can get my hands on the next one!\n', 0], ['nigel and qiana are adorable. terrell and rita are funny and real. rashawn is strong. this is a great read. i enjoyed the emotions and real life situations each character endured. pick this one up for your collection.\n', 0], ["a miss silver mystery though she doesn't show up until mid-way through the book. we start with a the return of a woman everyone thought had been buried 3 1/2 years ago. her husband says it isn't her but other feel it would be terrible if you can home and no one wanted you any more. it seems a simple case of mistaken identity so long ago but it's the middle of wwii and things are never that simple.miss silver and ds frank abbott think there's more going on with the death of a woman from the country, the mistaken identity, and the german spy network.it's a quick read and the story is well laid out and the personalities all ring true in their confusion, anger, love, and hates. rather more intricate plotting than in some other of miss siler mysteries.\n", 0], ["gracie gregory owns full of grace fitness gym. her business is successful and she loves being an aerobics instructor even if she does have to rise with the sun for her first class. she has loving, supportive parents, a fianc&eacute;, dillian, and a best friend, kendra. but the fianc&eacute; soon departs without explanation and it turns out that she doesn't know her best friend as well as she thinks she does.keshia dawn's debut novel tackles an issue we all should be more educated about but many of us avoid. she shows the cycle of fear, devastation, anger, denial and acceptance (sometimes) that occurs when a person is forced to deal with this issue. she also shows that, by the grace of god, what seems like the end could really be a new beginning.this is a story about relationships - good ones, bad ones, broken ones, mended ones, healthy ones, unhealthy ones, the ones that add way too much drama to a person's life - and the importance of making wise choices. couldn't help but notice quite a few typos in this book, but that's not the author's fault; she wrote an interesting, thought-provoking read. and, oh yeah, i love the cover!\n", 0], ['this series of books has a wonderful collection of patterns. they are well written and there is a hat for everyone in your life.\n', 0], ["don't be fooled by the title of this book - this is for husband, wife, and children! not to mention those who are single! this book is very attune to the heart of scripture, seeking to glorify god to the highest and impart to the reader the deep responsibility and beauty of fulfilling each family member's god-given roles! quite the refreshment! must read for engaged couples, invaluable resource for those married.\n", 0], ["one of the best books i've ever read in any genre. a great book about the greatest brave and the best player of all time. hank aaron wasn't just a homerun hitter he was a great all around player. he was great in the field, had an awesome arm, could hit for average, and obviously hit for power. i would love to see mr.stanton write a book on warren spahn next, could be another classic. i highly recommend this book for not only braves fans or hank aaron fans but baseball fans and fans of the human spirit.\n", 0], ["i absolutely loved this book.it was a relief after waiting ayear after the subtle knife knowing the wee bit of knowledge you getat the end. .... knowing this about lyra keeps you thinking forever. ....the meaning, i think was supposed to be that god is unknown and shall always be unknown. whether there is life after death or not we don't know and won't know until we get there. ....i loved the book, i loved the whole series, and i hope these reviews have not made you not want to read the book, but has intrigued you even more.happy reading.\n", 0], ['as the trilogy progresses, the profoundly anti-christian message becomes more and more pronounced. pullman himself states that his intention in writing the trilogy was to turn young people away from christianity. on his own website, pullman states ""i don\'t know whether there\'s a god or not. nobody does, no matter what they say. i think it\'s perfectly possible to explain how the universe came about without bringing god into it, but i don\'t know everything, and there may well be a god somewhere, hiding away." in addition, he goes on to say ""actually, if he is keeping out of sight, it\'s because he\'s ashamed of his followers and all the cruelty and ignorance they\'re responsible for promoting in his name. if i were him, i\'d want nothing to do with them."the sympathetic characters in the books repeatedly voice anti-religious sentiments. for example, in the subtle knife, the hero john parry, states:"we\'ve had nothing but lies and propaganda and cruelty and deceit for all the thousands of years of human history. it\'s time we started again..." as he encourages will to take the knife to lord asriel in his fight to destroy the authority and build the republic of heaven here on earth. will is the keeper of the subtle knife, "the one weapon in the all the universes that could defeat the tyrant. the authority. god."the bottom line is that pullman, and the hollywood filmmakers who have chosen to enrich his bottom line, has the right to his views and beliefs. but let\'s put all the cards on the table, and not disguise a profoundly anti-religious body of literary work as being either a story appropriate for children, or harmless fantasy.\n', 0], ['i started reading the subtle knife when i got curious about why so many people at school had the book for their book project. i thought, "why is this book so interesting? i must find out myself." then, i went to a bookstore to buy the book, i had some trouble because the hardcover was so expensive. therefore, i bought the paperback version. even before i decided to buy the book, i had a teacher recommend the sublte knife to me in 6th grade, but i thought i wasn\'t ready to read such a difficult book, yet.the main character of the book is will parry, a fourteen year old boy who is trying to find his father who disappeared twelve years ago on an expidition to the arctic. ever since then, his mother and himself have to hide from enemies that are trying to steal his father\'s letters before he disappeared. finally, after many years of evading these strange enemies, will is forced to leave his mother in someone else\'s care because of her sickness and ventures out on his own. while traveling, he finds a strange portal in oxford and enters the city of cittagazze, haunted by soul eating ghost like forms called specters. he meets lyra silvertongue, a mysterious girl who comes from a different realm. both go on an exciting adventure full of witches, sorcery, and discovery.so far, the book is great! the story deeply explores each individual\'s feelings and emotions with great depth. every sentence is either describing lyra or will\'s feelings or telling the story. as the story goes on, the plot pulls the reader deeper and deeper into the action. when will and lyra were fighting for their lives at the tower of the angles, i was cheering along with the book. the struggle for control was heart pounding. i love phillip pullman\'s descriptions and imagination with all the deatils and complexity. i enjoyed reading phillip pullman\'s books and am looking forward to finding out what dust is and what comes of poor will in the end of the series.\n', 0], ['my 2 year old loves this book. he has memorized almost every word. and since it is written in prose, my 9 month old likes to listen to it also. there may be inaccuracies in this book, but it is a nice introduction to the dinosaurs.\n', 0], ["this book will change your life forever. for new revelation knowledge it's a must read.\n", 0], ['an old classic, beautiful writing. she puts you right into that world in the first paragraph. you are deeply involved with an 11year old girl growing up in a very poor existence with lots of love to help her grow.\n', 0], ["this book is not one to spell it all out to you. there is such hidden humor in it you don't even see it, however there are some parts of the book that leave you speechless. you can't help but to relate to marie and her family at different times of the book. i have read this book several times and love it more and more each time.\n", 0], ["i cannot recommend this book to anyone. i didn't like a single character. at best the characters are weak and pathetic; at worst, they're vile. i kept hoping that someone in the book would grow into a person i could admire. by the end, none of the characters has grown. they're all still pathetic people that i would never want to know in real life. this book was a thorough waste of time.\n", 0], ["nathanial lachenmeyer's book was an amazing read. having a rather new but strong interest in schizophrenia as well as hearing the interview on freshair compelled me to buy this book. it opened many new doors for me as far as understanding the disease more. my step-father's brother has the disease. i've always wanted to have at least a small understanding of his behaviour. thank god i was able to get a hold of this book. not only does it tell the sad story of a man spinning downward (yet still holding his head high no matter how adverse his environment becomes) but it gives the reader a great understanding of the disease and statistics surrounding it as well. i still cannot get over how he was near death by starvation yet they held his ssi money. and it has to be mentioned when charles lachenmeyer was asked if he thought he were mentally ill, he stated that his mental illness was &quot;love of life and humanity&quot;. truly amazing!\n", 0], ['this book is intensely disturbing, gut-wrenching and horrific... that being said, it may sound cliche, but jeremiah denton provides an entirely new insight into what our servicemen have endured for our country -- what he went through will hit you hard. i dare anyone to read this book and not come away a changed person in some way...\n', 0], ['for most of the star wars universe fans, the most interesting things you can read about are the characters of the original trilogy. after boba fett, darth vader etc. now is biggs, the friend of luke who died at the death star.in addition to that the art-work is really good, so if you like star wars universe you will enjoy it a lot.another good comic-book of an excelent series.\n', 0], ['i thought that the book was rather stupid and based on false informatio\n', 0], ['this book covers everything i had hoped to hear about stand-up comedy, and was an entertaining read to boot. the only thing missing was more about comedy writing itself, but that should be saved for an entire book in itself anyways.highly recommended!\n', 0], ["every parent should get their child this book. in such a fun story, they learn lessons that most adults don't even know: 1) savings money is excellent, 2) reading can be fun and interactive, and 3) a rabbit in overalls is darn cute!\n", 0], ['an almost entirely predictable plot, this book still retains the ability to enchant. an unusual dragon design - well thought out. if the plot had been more drawn out, more involved, this book could have moved into the realms of pure fantasy.\n', 0], ['i recently read this goosebumps book as part of a children\'s literature course. i am a kindergarten teacher, so this book would probably not be one that i would recommend to young children. however, there are many third and fourth graders who have learned to enjoy books through the goosebump series. r. l. stine uses good descriptions of emotions and body language, mystery, and a surprise ending in this story. two twelve-year olds, drew and walker, are intent on scaring a couple of their peers, tabby and lee, who have played frightening halloween pranks on them for several years. they join forces with twins shane and shauna to concoct a scheme that backfires a little, because drew and walker end up being frightened right along with their intended victims by ghost-like creatures with jack-o-lantern heads. the eyes have fire in them and the mouth really moves, and they can even take off their heads and have them still talk and threaten. the jack-o-lanterns force the four young people to keep on trick-or-treating even when they want to stop, saying they have to trick -or-treat forever. when their bags get full, they are forced to eat candy until they can go again. for much of the story, drew and walker weren\'t totally sure whether the two jack-o-lanterns were real or their friends in an amazing disguise. tabby and lee end up getting extremely frightened, and run off when jack-o-lanterns are placed on their own head. however, drew and walker end up laughing when the strange jack-o-lanterns are actually their friends shane and shauna. the weird fire and disembodied heads are explained in a twist when the reader discovers that their friends shane and shauna are actually aliens. twists, imagination, quirky humor, and a "real" quality of prose are at play here to make a spooky story. totally enjoyable!\n', 0], ['what an enchnanting selection of stories! this beautifully-illustrated book helps kids 4-9 appreciate the emotions adults sometimes term as &quot;bad&quot; or negative--fear, worry, anger, and sadness.the charming forest characters work through their emotions in healthy ways, demonstrating positive skills for coping with difficult feelings. an excellent choice for parents and teachers who want to help their younger children develop healthy expressions for emotions.\n', 0], ['this book is interesting but the author missed several things.1) i was very angry with her for saying that the men on the bowling league had the weight of the world on their shoulders. ha! they had time to go bowling. what were their wives doing while they were out at the bowling alley? probably cooking dinner, doing laundry, cleaning house and getting the kids to bed and most likely after they\'d spent their days working a full-time job, like the guys, and getting paid much less. give us a break, norah! the men have the weight of the world on their shoulders? really? they have a whole lot of privilege that women don\'t have, they generally make a lot more money, and they have women supporting and taking care of them along the way. what woman wouldn\'t want that? i think norah\'s next project should be to put on a skirt and live the life of one of those women for a while. let\'s see who has the weight of the world on their shoulders!2) norah cannot judge how the men feel by how she feels because she is not male. read the male brain by louann brizendine m.d. and it will be evident that men\'s brains are so different from hers that whatever she is feeling in her role as a man cannot be compared to what the men are feeling. i\'m sorry, but i simply don\'t think there\'s any way to live as a man (if you\'re not one) and know how they are feeling. if they say they feel rejected when a woman says, "no," that may be something very different from her feeling rejection in a similar situation. she does not have a lifetime of male privilege behind her and she has totally different chemicals reacting to this in her brain. she will feel it way more than the man so feeling sorry for the men from what she feels is simply blowing it all out of proportion.3) revealing herself to the men as a lesbian is different than revealing herself as a woman. now don\'t get mad at me. i\'m lesbian myself, so this is not prejudice talking. but norah says in this book that people often mistake her for a man in her real life. so, if she reveals herself to the men on the bowling team as a lesbian who looks like a man, that\'s different than revealing herself to them as a woman who looks and acts more feminine.i applaud norah\'s courage in what she did. and i liked the book in some ways. but i do think her view was impaired by her evidently strong male identification in her real life.\n', 0], ["a well-written, well-argued treatise on the volatile subject of the evolution of new species by natural selection. at the time, this flew in the face of accepted theories, and especially upset current theological doctrine, archbishop ussher would be particularly upset!.darwin agonised for years over the publication of his book, and it was only at the urging of his friends (that he was about to be upstaged by wallace) that he finally published. the delay was of his own making - torn between the evidence of his notes and correspondence with wallace, and the furore that would inevitably result. the furore was bound to happen anyway, surrounded as he was by small-minded [people], so he should have published earlier. but ... this might have deprived us of the brilliant arguments he puts forth in support of each section in the book.he obviously knew what he was up against, so he tried to present his case as lucidly as possible - and here's the unusual aspect of the work - in layman's language! this was almost unheard of in a victorian scientific treatise - they were meant to be read by scientists, not the hoy-poloy! he tries to counter every conceivable objection to each statement, as nicely (in both senses of the word) as possible, without any of the fervour and tunnel vision that one expects from a convert to a new ideal. he takes us by the hand and gently walks us through the evidence in support of his theory, helping us to realise that, yes, he is talking sense, no matter what our pre-conceptions of life might be.discover for yourself that evolution is not 'survival of the fittest', but 'survival of the most fit' - that is, fitted for that particular ecological niche - fittest being a victorian word that has taken a different modern meaning.an amazingly good read, even for our enlightened times, but recommended reading - i'll bet there are hundereds of copies on dusty bookshelves that have never been read - time to dust it off and find out for yourself the genius of the man.\n", 0], ["excellent editon of this wonderful, classic work. a series of visual and verbal snapshots of the south as a third world country, the south of the 1930's.\n", 0], ["kino lives on a farm on the side of a mountain in japan. his best friend jiya lives in the fishing village on the foot of the mountain. everyone in the village fears the big wave. when the big wave comes kino and jiya's lives are changed forever, but their friendship will never end. i liked this book, it was interesting to read about how a volcano and the sea combined can be so powerful.\n", 0], ["when my eskie pup was diagnosed with patella luxation (slipped kneecaps),i was shocked and surprised that my vet recommended to put her on anti-inflammatories for life and if she got to a point of lameness, surgery. which by the way is not guaranteed to solve the problem. that started my search for a natural approach. dr.pitcarin's book has helped me see that a natural diet is the start to a much healthier pet. i've been using the receipes for 4 months now and i find both my dogs have responded very well. the book also encouraged my to find a holistic vet to care for my puppies disorder. she is on natural supplements with no side effects, unlike anti-iflammatories, and is playing and sprinting about like a puppy should. on the subject of vaccination, dr. pitcarin is to the point when he says overvaccinating actually weakens the animals system and can be harmful. when you stop to think about it, would you vaccinate yourself or your child every year for measles? no, it's a vaccine thats administered once in a lifetime at a very young age. i highly recommend this book for your 4 legged kiddies!\n", 0], ['professor hayman looks at an issue in our society that is rampant with misunderstanding and rife with malaise, the basing of intelligence among our myriad cultures. his work engages the reader with common sense and personal experience as well as superb research. i can only recommend this text in the highest of glowing terms, an essential read for any individual seeking to uncover one critical reason why our society is unjust and in need of balancing.\n', 0], ['i am writing my 7th book and reading hypnotic writing has given me fantastic ideas to improve it and make it a bestseller. the book models perfectly what joe vitale recommends.\n', 0], ['very informative learn to work with my child instead of fighting and arguing all the time a real blessing\n', 0], ['excellent book - my granddaughters (ages 5 & 16 mos.) loved the book. we have spent many hours reading the book. no one has become bored with the book. robert sabuda did an excellent jobthank you mr. sabuda\n', 0], ['last year i gave my copy of god calling to a friend who had just lost her husband. she said that it was the one thing that really got her through a very sorrowful time in her life. i now keep copies on hand to give to people in need. it will help you through anything by assuring you that god loves you and is always with you. a short, easy daily read that will change your life forever.\n', 0], ['francine rivers is one of my absolute favorite writers. she can weave a story around scripture that helps me understand the bible so much better. you can never go wrong with a rivers book! they always stay on our library shelves for numerous re-reads whenever we need something excellent to read!\n', 0], ['this is a charming story about an indian boy who tricks the lions into giving him back his fabulous new clothes. the illustrations look more african american than indian in these earlier copies. many people have a problem with this book, as they see it as being racist. to me, the main character being described as "black" is about as offensive as snow white being called white . . . take it as a childhood character description, and move on with the story. the text is superbly written and easily flows off the tongue when read.\n', 0], ["this book totally ruled. the day i got it i couldn't stop reading it because it was so addictive. almost every scene can graphically be seen . it's an awesome book and anyone who's into vampires defenitely should read this book .i recommend this to everyone out there. though i wasn't pleased with anne's rice sequel.(next book after)\n", 0], ["i ordered this book, having been suckered by all of the five star reviews, thinking it would actually have some useful techniques to share. what i got instead was an overblown, vague and insulting polemic. the wongs are scornful of teachers who plan &quot;activities&quot; for their classes,(never defining what constitutes an activity)and seem to advocate classrooms where teachers do nothing but supervise children's &quot;work&quot;.there is even an anecdote about a supposedly successful teacher who was absent one day and was not even missed until the end of the day because his students had so diligently spent the day working. do we really want to turn our students into automatons and completely eliminate teachers? i also feel that as a former parent education teacher i must express how appalled i was by the example harry wong gave of parental encouragement. as a pre-schooler he was told repeatedly by his parents, relatives and neighbors that he would be a doctor when he grew up, as all of his uncles were. not only a doctor, but a brain surgeon,&quot;the ultimate of all doctors&quot; as mr.wong puts it. this is a method of encouragement that mr.wong actually seems to advocate. i understand that he was trying to make a larger point about expectations, but like much else in this book, the good things he has to say tend to be lost in overstatement and narrow opinion.\n", 0], ["no hype. i couldn't stop laughing as i was reading this. and i mean laughing out loud. in a cafe. with everyone staring at me. but i didn't care. and i couldn't help it if i did. it's just too hilarious.\n", 0], ['as a student, i hate buying textbooks that i hardly ever open and will never use but this book is great. so much information, graphics, charts... not a difficult read either :)\n', 0], ['this book is a must for all kids and pre-teens who enjoy a suspense-filled, fun-packed, fantasy. living at the size of a toothpick isnt easy, but it sure is fun! the borrowers draw their readers into an amazing, wonderful world as they go through each of their adventures. when reading about how the tiny people &quot;borrow&quot; household items and turn them into amazing things, its impossible to not be so absorbed that you almost feel 2 inches tall! throughout the whole book, i was always awaiting the borrowers next move, and when it ended, i wanted more! i recommend this book to anyone young or old who wants to read an enjoyable, wonderful story about survival in a completely different, yet the same, world. i ensure you that it is wonderful, and will be all-around loved by everyone in the family.\n', 0], ["i picked up this highly absorbing novel at an airport bookstore quite by chance a few years ago and i remain absolutely amazed by it. it does a marvelous job of plotting the twists and turns in the lives of the two generations of parents and children involved in the story and is absolutely spot-on at describing the subtle and not-so-subtle differences between wartime and post-war britain. i subsequently read several of this author's other works, including the glass house and the gospel of judas, and found them disappointing, perhaps because they attempt too broadly to cover too much, whereas the fall effortlessly scales both the peaks and the depths of human existence in a deceptively modest mountaineering-based tale.\n", 0], ['i would recomend this book for 6th grade and up. i give this book two thumbs up.the book is about a man named hank morgan who gets knocked out in a fight, then dreams that he has been sent back in time into the midievil times.he goes on many fun adventures.\n', 0], ["i like books that offer a new perspective to my somewhat one-dimensional life, and that is why i enjoyed reading the age of innocence by edith wharton. growing up in the modern day, generation y society has allowed me to voice my opinion whenever i have desired, and i have always been able to think and do as i have liked. because i have grown up this way and have been surrounded by peers who also have this same mind-set, i have mistakenly assumed that this is how life in america has always been. reading the age of innocence, however, offered me a new perspective on life in past america and opened my eyes to my ignorance and naivete in regards to social history and the radical changes that have taken place in recent years. one finds this book enjoyable to read because wharton makes it easy to relate to the protagonist. the age of innocence profiles and features a man named newland archer, a somewhat typical new yorker who molds his life after a pattern that 1920s society deems acceptable. he follows the typical male role for his time, and subconsciously expects the society in which he lives to adhere to the same set of strict rules he is forced to rigidly follow- the unspoken social etiquette that one is required to live by in order to have any chance at upper class distinction and honor. archer is everyone and everyone is archer, and the reader can understand his need to conform and give up the exciting way of life symbolized in the mysterious and abnormal (at least for archer's society) countess ellen olenska. i appreciate wharton's depiction of this society, and the time she spends detailing its every habit, thought, and action. i felt like i was not only reading a good story, but that i was also learning a bit of history also. the author's inclusion of love was key to keeping my curiousity peaked. i kept wondering who or what archer would choose- stability and predictability in the form of his betrothed may welland, or passion and ostracism in the form of her cousin. like most who lived during this time, archer chose to continue the cycle of appearances, rules, and social order and gave up the chance to lead a somewhat interesting life, thereby fating himself to live a completely ordinary existence. i was forced to continually think and analyze while reading this book, and i enjoyed the opportunity to do so. i had to piece together random events and characters and keep track of the many relationships in the novel. i constantly compared modern day society to archer's community and surroundings wondering how things would be different today. i think that we live in a time where almost no one is innocent, and our society doesn't even try to pretend that innocence exists (as i think wharton's did). we advocate following our emotions or &quot;hearts,&quot; and we express individuality to an extreme. today countess olenska's lifestyle would most likely faze no one, and she would actually be given the chance to integrate herself into society and be accepted by her peers, receiving the opportunity to have friends and find love once more. and yet, with all of the differences that exist between &quot;the age of innocence&quot; and the twenty-first century, there are still many similarities that make it possible for one to relate to and bond with the characters presented in the novel. many people today are presented with varying options- some of which would allow them to lead &quot;normal,&quot;acceptable, but extremely boring lives and others which would require them to withstand criticism from family, friends, and society in general, but which might ultimately lead them to happiness. i wondered after reading this book if archer was truly happy with his decision to marry may welland or if he spent the rest of his life wondering what could have been. i debated whether or not archer was weak or whether he thought that he was making the right decision by choosing to remain faithful to may. was the countess only a fleeting thought, a passing obsession? or did she actually have an impact on newland? while reading this book, i was forced to constantly question, examine, and explore the values to which society adheres. reading the age of innocence requires an immediate and intense response, and one cannot get away with merely skimming the surface story. instead, one must delve into the symbolism and hidden themes and meanings that are strung along and woven into the novel's central message. i love the depth that wharton presents with her written words and implied messages. i am pleased with the complexity of her characters, and how she shows their thoughts, actions, and attitudes- some of which stay the same and some that change- but all of which contribute to the story as a whole. if interested in a thought-provoking and interesting fictional, yet historically accurate respresentation of the lives of early twentieth century americans, i would definitely recommend the age of innocence. it captures one's minds and entangles one's emotions in the plot as it describes passions and obligations and choices that everyone experiences at some point in their lives. edith wharton is successful in capturing her audience's attention, and it is almost impossible for one to put down this book once they start reading it.\n", 0], ['i wanted to review animal physiology that i used to know. this was my text in college. i am glad to report that while there have been developments over the last 20 years, this material is still very good and gives a wide range of physiological responses to environmental inputs.\n', 0], ['vickie she is doing her thing and she is the bomb! this book was all that, and i do recommend to everyone that they read dirty red.i am a big vms fan!!!!way to go...\n', 0], ["it's a long book, but worth reading. most books about the eastern front are written from a german perspective, so it was refreshing to see the russian side of the story (and what a side!). the last thing i would want to be would be a soviet officer during that time! if the nazis didn't shoot you, the communists would!overall a good book. it got dull at a few points, but the author keeps it interesting by blending stories and anecdotes told by people who were there. could have used some maps, too.\n", 0], ["as an italian, i am grateful for this masterpiece. the 3-book series is a great read, and although trevelyan's admiration for garibaldi is noticeable, the author also mentions hero's shortcomings and strategical mistakes. what emerges is the picture of a country born from ideals and sacrifices, as well as undeniable lucky circumstances.\n", 0], ['i really believe that more people should read this book. it is possibly one of the most influential books i have ever read.\n', 0], ["first book since death of gwen, and there is a serious change of pace here. spidey and wolverine does a freaky friday? wow, really dumb. human torch comes to peter's school, not bad. last story is best as peter and mj go on a hot date until something happens with him and dr strange...\n", 0], ['many thanks to vijay govindarajan (vg) and chris trimble for this grand exposition of ideas first shared in the spring 2005 california management review and the may 2005 harvard business review. vg and trimble\'s "forget, borrow, learn" framework is the most powerful recipe for corporate reinvention that i have encountered.as other amazon reviewers have skillfully described the contents of this excellent book, i would like to add just two things.first, as a graduate of the tuck school of business, i had the good fortune of encountering vg in the classroom. vg is a dynamic presence who commands attention. if you get a chance to experience vg in person, take it. to get a (very) small taste of what i am talking about, check out vg\'s video link at tuck\'s website.second, to learn further from vg, i highly recommend vg\'s blog. several of vg\'s posts are pure gold. for example, in vg\'s march 10, 2006 post, he puts forth his "three box thinking model," with box 1 being "manage the present," box 2 being "selectively abandon the past," and box 3 being "create the future." the leaders of most companies spend most of their time in box 1, believing that they are working on strategy. as vg contends, though, strategy is really about boxes 2 and (especially) 3, that is, figuring out how to allocate scarce resources today to assure market leadership in 2010, 2020, and beyond. yes, indeed.in sum, i not only recommend this book wholeheartedly, but also urge those concerned with the long-term health of their firms to continue reckoning with the thoughts and writings of both vg and chris trimble.\n', 0], ['published in 1949 - crooked arrow is a great adventure story by "hardy standards". what drags this book down is the first 6 or so chapters. however, by page 85 this volume picks up in a hurry and from this point forward is an excellent adventure story set in the west. it mirrors wildcat swamp in some respects. the book chronicles the brothers adeventures on a western ranch. tandy\'s artwork is exceptional as always. great book certainly worth reading. rated a-\n', 0], ["isaac singer is a genius. you wonder what does a yiddish collection of short stories lose in the translation? these are wonderful stories with vivid characterizations, lush imagery, and plots rich with emotion and imagination. my favorite is passions: a meditation on how man becomes obsessed with something--to the extent of transforming one's life--anything can become a passion. i've read this collection probably four times over the years, and the mark of a great story is how rich and complex it remains upon a second or third reading.\n", 0], ['the overall plot was interesting but the story is marred by the blatant racism and technical inaccuracies. for example, the &quot;int&quot; in elint and comint stands for intelligence not intercept. a minor point, yes, but just one of many examples of a poorly researched book. also, it is hard to be sympathetic to the main characters when they are blatantly racist. i am not a pc person but even i was getting offended. not all military persons speak this way.it reminded me of when a friend of yours recounts a enjoyable and exciting story/memory but when he tells it, he gets so many minor details wrong you just want to scream.\n', 0], ['i teach young children and they enjoy this story. we count the pigs on each page and sometimes i lead a chant like: "one two three four, five six seven eight, nine ten eleven twelve pigs!" from some of these reviews, it seems like people overanalyze this story quite a bit! it\'s just a silly story, and children know that. my only quibble is that the illustrations are a bit too complicated for very young children, who prefer bold and big pictures. but it\'s wonderful for kindergarteners and first graders.\n', 0], ['yes, this was interesting. it made that particulary piece of history interesting to me. i was glad the author explored that piece of history with her story.\n', 0], ['i just devoured this book! thank you, tom hodgkinson. i got it at the library, but i\'m going to go buy a copy now. i\'m already a "stay-at-home" and unschooling mama, but this book drove home several points that i still needed driven home. so inspirational! my favorite section was the part about the history of work.i\'d recommend this book along withishmael: an adventure of the mind and spiritby daniel quinn,the continuum concept: in search of happiness lost (classics in human development)by jean liedloff, andthe underground history of american education: a school teacher\'s intimate investigation into the problem of modern schoolingby john taylor gatto.\n', 0], ["i found this book a helpful reference to notes web development in general. several references to previous releases are given, which is good for in depth understanding. even when r5's new features help to make things sometimes a lot easier, some &quot;manual work&quot; is still required in order to produce high-quality web and ecommerce sites. some of the new features are not included, but i guess that is because the information was not (reliably) available at the time of writing. keep up good work !\n", 0], ['janet sorensen\'s "the grammar of empire" is a beautifully written, closely argued analysis of the relationship between englishness and scottishness, a relationship, she argues, that was brokered by the standardization of language. her study makes it possible to chart a history of the relationship between england and scotland through the invention of regulations about how different groups could literally talk about what those two political and social entities mean. a must read for those academics tired of glib formulations about nation and region.\n', 0], ['i first ordered this book as a gift to myself after reading about it in "threads magazine". it has indeed been a gift i will use. the designs in this book are from 40 of america\'s top wearable artists who share their insiders\' secrets with the reader and give the directions to create your own masterpiece. there are many beautiful items in this book that i intend to make, or rather adapt from. i rarely like following someone\'s specific patterns when creating my wearable art, but i love to see new and exciting techniques and styles. i feel this book gives you some wonderful tools and suggestions. after all wearable art is something one of a kind that no one else could create but you! buy this book and expand your own horizons!\n', 0], ["i was really torn between a two or a three on this one. i stuck with the two. i will start with the good side. lindsay has a refreshing writing style. her wit makes it a fun read. but this is not the biography of an intelligence insider. moreover, such a person would never write a book like this. with the exception of some descriptive details about the cia bootcamp (which appears to be about as challenging as the boot camp phase of any of our nation's military academies), there was not a whole lot of new information to be found. and much like the rookie cadet who may have gotten more than she bargained for, lindsay finds herself out of her element but manages to pull through. my sympathy level is low. while she complains about being sleep deprived, as occurs in many real military training scenarios, she and her buddies prefer to make prank calls rather than grab a cat nap in the corner. she comes across as a debutante in boot camp. i would recommend this book as a primer to anyone who is considering (seriously or not) applying to the cia. but anyone who is looking for inside information on the workings, procedures, or techniques of the agency should look elsewhere. in fact, they may not even be available in any unclassified form.\n", 0], ["this book is full of information for the novice bartender to the professional. you won't be sorry this book is great!\n", 0], ['this book contains some elementary information about typography and layout, but the examples are terrible and the actually layout of this book is also terrible! i should have known from the cover. just look at it. i would have given this book a single star were it not for the actual written content.\n', 0], ['how much pain can one single person go through? well i\'d say a lot, according to remey star. with her real dad dead since she was little, her mom getting married five times, and remey\'s boyfriend troubles its hard to tell if remey even has a life. remey is always in charge of everything, especially when it comes to her mother\'s marriages. remey barely has time for her friends, let alone her boy-band, singer, boyfriend, dexter. remey is not into love and thinks it\'s foolish, but when dexter comes along remey changes. even her friends notice the "remey change". will remey be able to keep dexter, or will he become just another summer boyfriend?this book is very interesting. there are so many things going on at once its hard to put the book down for fear that you\'ll miss something! this book is a book i am sure that we all have something in common with. between bad breakups, family problems, job crises, and brother arguments there\'s bound to be something we\'ve all can relate to!the worst part of this book is how remey is scared. remey runs from love, for fear that she\'ll end up like her mother. it\'s hard to sit and read the book wondering if remey will cave in and let love happen or not.this book would be a good read for girls in their teenage years. in the book remey is faced with everyday challenges that some of us could say we have been through. it\'s good to read how other people take care of some of the same situations that you are put through in life. all remey needs to learn is that love takes a leap of faith and a happy ending is not always part of the deal.\n', 0], ['this book says so much about the breadth of human kindness and forgiveness. it is just as relevant today (since people are just as prone to judging and condemning other today) as it was when it was printed. this is an oldie, but a goodie! :)\n', 0], ['had to buy it for biology 101.its a very animated and educational textbook.the language wasnt difficult to comprehend.\n', 0], ['although a technical masterpiece, &quot;so far from god&quot; lacks any sort of intriguing plot and any real dillema altogether. this novel is a typical southwest artwork, written in spanglish and incredibly far fetched. no matter what genre this book is classified under, it seems to be in a league of its own, which, in this case, makes it a horrible novel. to be blunt, this novel is southwest trash, and should be removed from the shelves immediately to make room for decent novels.\n', 0], ["you will pick up this book at a library book sale where trade paperbacks are two for seventy-five cents. you will stick it in your bag on your way to a meeting in oregon and start it when you finish the book your brought along. you will discover that it is written in an unusual case, and wonder if it is right to call it second person imperative. you will laugh out loud for the first time on about page seven, even though you are alone in your hotel room.you will enjoy the unusual way it is written and feel tension after the first chapter as to whether it is going to switch over to conventional narrative. you will be relieved to know it is not. you will start to wonder about the unnamed protagonist, and wonder if he is going to be likable enough to sustain the novel. then you will see him as sonja, the girl he meets through an unusual internat connection, begins to fall in love with him and you will realize there is more to him than you thought.you will learn that sonja suffers from epstein-barr syndrome and you will try to remember what it is. you will remember that janice soprano claimed to suffer from it and that it made her tired all the time. you will like sonja a lot more than you like janice. you will fall in love with her along with the protagonist.you will not like the ending he gives to his screenplay.you will start to worry about sonja's unexplained absences and her distance after the protagonist's trip to la to sell his screenplay. you will be fooled when sonja answers the question of whether she is seeing someone on the sly. you will laugh when you discover what she really meant and also saddened at what it does to their relationship. you will have been thinking of woody allen's line about relationships and sharks and will laugh when it is used in the book. you will also nod sagely at how apt it feels.you will find the ending extremely moving. you will not think about snowflakes the same way ever again. you will be humming sympathy for the devil. you will await the author's next book eagerly.\n", 0], ['while i do think that ms. pulliam weston knows her stuff, i don\'t think she covered the things i need to know in enough depth, and some of my most burning questinos were not addressed at all.she speaks mainly to people who have somewhat stable finances and are capable of following her suggestions. what do you do if you need to really repair a very bad score? the scores she considers to be "bad" are in the mid 500s or above. she assumes that you probably want to tweak your credit a little and have a higher credit rating already, for the most part. she only briefly addresses the concerns of those of us who really have credit problems.i\'m giving this book a 3 for those reasons.\n', 0], ["i feel indebted to mrs.david knowledge of the french provincial cooking. i watch videos and tv talented culinary programs, but not one is as good as elizabeth's simple instructions.for many years i had payed attention to her travels across france in search of talented food and very interesting combinations of regional recipes.\n", 0], ['i love the story but have never been able to finish the book. i listened to this on a road trip to california and found it very enjoyable. they did cut a major section, but i guess that is what you contend with in an abridged version.\n', 0], ['i had to buy this book for my methodology and theory of composition class. while i find beans ideas useful in the classroom, it seems like he writes in a very simplistic manner that makes me feel as though he is writing to a less experienced audience. (rather than to a professor). i find this book to be useful for both the beginning as well as seasoned writing instructor, although some portions of the book may seem redundant.\n', 0], ["this is the first book on christianity that i've read back in high school. it raised more questions in me than answers at the time but i was changed after reading it. lewis has a talent in making his readers want to learn more rather than just take his word for it. this was liberating for me who before that always felt like the truths of christianity must be either believed on faith or rejected outright. that they could be defended gave me hope that perhaps this faith was more than just a foolish hope at best. this is definitely a book that i plan on rereading sometime when i get the chance.\n", 0], ["a logical and incremental method to &quot;prove&quot; to his fellow humans the existance, not just of a higher entity, but of the specific god of the holy bible. c.s. lewis uses wit, logic and analogies throughout this book which will give comfort to even the most militant of agnostics. lewis' original intent of this book was to, once and for all, prove that there was/is no god. after completing less than half of his research, he became one of the great defenders of the christian faith in the 20th century. this converted atheist and most intelligent scholar from oxford university of england has found his place as a true guide to help others discover that divinity in christ exists and all one has to do is read. another claim i will make, is that this piece appeals to most of the spectrum of intelligence in society from a sophomore in high school to a theological philosopher..enjoy!!\n", 0], ["i read this book with a class of mine. i think the story of the house of dies drear is boring because there is little action. it doesn't have any funny parts either. i think if you are looking for a book to read, i would not recommend it.\n", 0], ['i am amazed that no one else seemed to think this book was a total waste of time. after the first chapter there was absolutely nothing to hold my attention. i stuck with it for awhile hoping that it would get better but it never did. i guess the plot is to see how many times erin can pray. how does the woman ever get anything done in her life?\n', 0], ["this book is fiction and was written in 1950. the lion the witch and the wardrobe is about two boys and two girls named susan, lucy, peter, and edmund. these four children were taken away from there home because of the war. they were taken to another house where they lived with a professor. the main part of the story takes place in narnia.in narnia there was an evil queen she was called the white witch. she would make it snow all year but there was no christmas. and if she saw someone that was happy she would turn them into stone. the most exciting part of the book for me was the battle between aslan's army and the white witch's army. what i liked about the book was that it tells you four kids could save a whole world. the book had a great ending it turned out that susan, lucy, edmund, and peter became the new kings and queens and narnia was finally in peace.\n", 0], ['very helpful, in some ways, funny book. would be a good book for parents of children who want to be vegetarian.very comforting to hear from other people all the rude things that meat eaters do say to vegetarians. i mean unless you are a pig farmer what do you care what i eat?but i admit i have been guilty of describing chicken slaughter to a meat eater who did not want to hear it. but if you are willing to eat it, why are you not willing to hear how it is killed?\n', 0], ["mary elizabeth potter has dedicated her life to teaching young people. that is why she is so dismayed to learn that the smartest boy in ruth, wyoming has dropped out of school. braving the elements, mary sets out to mackenzie's mountain to talk some sense into the sixteen year old boy. the first person she encounters in wolf mackenzie, joe's father. mary is astounded by the feelings that wolf arouses in her, and doesn't know how to deal with them. she was raised by a spinster aunt who always told her than women do not need men to 'poke' at them, not that any man had ever been attracted to her. she is bewildered by the fact that wolf seems to want her, and in her usual straightfoward way, tells him that she wants him.wolf mackenzie has always been a sensualist by nature. he sees beyond the baggy clothes and the horn rimmed glasses. what he sees in mary turns him on as no other woman has before. for her own good, he turns her away. he has been outcast from the town for his indian heritage and wrongful rape conviction. he didn't count on the tart-tounged teacher though. her frumpy apperance is decieving to everyone, even him at first. soon he learns that nothing gets in mary's way when she wants something, and she wants wolf.then a series of rape begin which are an eerie reinactment if the rape that wolf was wrongly accused of. when the rapist targets mary, wolf vows that he will do everything in his power to protect her. miracuously, the town rallies around wolf in his search for the person that is trying to frame him. mackenzie's mountain is a book about prejudice and love. overcoming the odds, mary and wolf come together in a book that will warm your heart, at the same time as making you laugh. howard also introduces the reader to joe, who you will fall in love with.don't miss it!\n", 0], ["first off i have to say that if you want to get anything out of this book you've got to keep an open mind. the fact that you're even reading this is proof that you're looking because you feel something is missing or you need guidance. i couldn't believe this book was from the '20s. mr. holmes must have been an incredible, forward thinking man. i am not a religious person by any means, but i was looking for a way to find meaning in my life. after reading creative mind, i felt mr. holmes had more knowledge that i wanted. the science of mind is his whole philosophy perfectly packaged in one book. this thing has it all jam packed in it's 668 pages. get this and expand your mind. your outlook on life will definitely change for the better!\n", 0], ["this book was very informative on every type of delivery. i think it leans toward epidural, but regardless of what type of delivery you prefer, it may not happen that way. so, it's better to be informed on all your choices.\n", 0], ["quick -- name three sf literary portraits of functional societies founded on principles of anarchism.i come up with eric frank russell's gands in _the great explosion_ (&quot; . . . and then there were none&quot;), robert a. heinlein's loonies in _the moon is a harsh mistress_, and ursula k. le guin's anarresti in _the dispossessed: an ambiguous utopia_.oh, there are a handful of others, notably james hogan's _voyage from yesteryear_ (which was itself strongly influenced by russell). but most of the rest are thinly disguised libertarian propaganda without a great deal of literary merit (though your mileage may vary).of these three, le guin's is in some ways the most compelling. in part that's because she's just such a fine writer. but it's also because she's probably the _least_ &quot;ideological&quot; of all the sf writers who have ever tackled this subject.on le guin's somewhat taoistic approach, each of the contrasting societies contains the seeds of the other, and she lets the reader see both their &quot;good&quot; and &quot;bad&quot; points. she clearly likes the anarresti society (and on the whole it comes off rather better than its urrasti foil). but she doesn't hesitate to show the reader some of its critically important drawbacks. its childrearing practices, for example, recall ira levin's _this perfect day_, and its treatment of original thinkers (and their &quot;egoizing&quot;) even recalls ayn rand's tub-thumpingly propagandistic _anthem_.in general, then, le guin is pretty well immune to the usual salvation-by-ideology claptrap. and as her subtitle suggests, her utopia really _is_ ambiguous. for her, people aren't &quot;saved&quot; by adopting the correct philosophical position or social principles.least of all is her protagonist shevek &quot;saved&quot; by such means. shevek is a physicist from anarres (the moon of the planet urras) and has grown up in its anarchist society. but it doesn't really have a place for him. neither, more obviously, does urras, the &quot;propertarian&quot; counterpart to annares's communitarian society, with which annares has had no contact for about a century and a half. so with respect to the two polar-opposite patterns of social organization, shevek is doubly dispossessed.what's the book actually _about_? well, shevek cooks up a plan to get the two societies on speaking terms again and, in order to pursue it, decides to leave anarres for urras; so off he goes, as a passenger in a ship called the _mindful_. (and yes, do be careful not to trip over the symbolism.) that's all i'm going to tell you about the plot. but the essential theme of the novel is, i suppose, barriers and their overcoming. (the very first sentence goes like this: &quot;there was a wall.&quot; yep.)it's a very thoughtful novel. the narrative hops around in time a lot and the plot isn't exactly marked by nonstop action, so it's probably not for space opera fans. but readers of a more philosophical bent will enjoy it immensely.and if you're at all interested in literary portraits of anarchist societies, make sure you read this one. if you share le guin's taostic/anarchistic leanings (as i do), you'll like the anarresti _and_ appreciate le guin's refreshingly anti-ideologue-ish honesty in her portrait of it.\n", 0], ['this is the one that started them all. while brave new world focused more on the technology behind the dystopia, we focuses on the psychological nudity of become aware of the matrix. the paranoia that yevgeny projects is a punch in the gut that you keep going back for. it is even more of a thriller than bnw. i highly recommend this book.\n', 0], ["we is a true classic and an extraordinary novel in many senses. it was the inspiration behind george orwell's book 1984, and other subsequent books of the utopian/dystopian sub-genre, such as union moujik, brave world. the age-old conflict between individual self and the collective being that man has grappled with in our efforts to become more human is treated beautifully in thus book. what is peculiar about it is that the author never allowed politics to dominate. overall, the utopian-fantasy is a recommended read.\n", 0], ["having dr. corduan for class, i had to buy his book, yet that didn't keep me from reading ahead and into sections that we didn't even cover. a great book that covers all the major world religions (minus christianity) and gives christians an excellent chance to truly be able to relate to others in our cities, states, and country who have differing views from ours.\n", 0], ['from the book: "zen is nothing" and "zen isn\'t logical." so why bother studying it?that pretty much sums up zen buddhism, according to suzuki.\n', 0], ['hi everyone! i had to read this book for school and it was torture. i would not ever reccommend this book to anyone. it was soo boring! mark twain tried to be funny, but he was not! the chapters droned on and on about boring topics. this is not a lie at all: i fell asleep with the book open on my lap!\n', 0], ['i bought this for my daughter and it has dramatically helped her improve her math grades. the book is well written in plain english, easy to understand. highly recommended.\n', 0], ["prague is a magical city and it deserves an unusual guide. its narrow streets with cobble stones ask to be discovered and it is actually easy with the avantguide. it contains precious insider's information on places away from the tourist center where you hardly meet other tourists.\n", 0], ['this book is written largely from the perspective of the indians of the american west but utley does a good job of including insight into why the white man acted the way they did. his conclusion at the end of the book is &quot;given who these people were (the whites), what they knew, and what they believed, it is difficult to see how they might have behaved differently enough to have brought about a result that would be acceptable today&quot;. what struck me throughout the book was how often agreements that were made with the indians were ignored, violated, and broken. the book is well written and easy to read. if you want a good overview of the american west from 1846-1890, this is a must read.\n', 0], ["a little boy named tettchan is embarassed by his funny-looking bellybutton and wonders what function it serves. he discovers that it was once was a cord that connected him to his mother before he was born. this simply written story discusses pregnancy, but not conception. there is a discreet illustration of tettchan's mother giving birth---her breasts are visible, but not much else---and an explanation of how the umbilical cord was cut. tettchan's mother then nurses him while his father watches lovingly. the author explains how the cord dries and falls off, and how each person's bellybutton is a memento of his or her birth. a very sweet little book.\n", 0], ['a great album from one of the best rock bands around in music today. every track on this cd is great.\n', 0], ["i absolutey adore these postcards! i put an extra set on my wishlist for back up because i have a hard time parting with them. they're a wonderful celebration of women being strong, sassy, and sexy!\n", 0], ["i read this book when i was very small.i was highly impressed with it.i am 23 now and still i'm in love with it,i joined yss\\srf 8 years back and have been initiated with kriya yoga. read this book and fall in love with god and guruji(paramahansa yogananda). may god bless us all.\n", 0], ['this is a review of the unabridged audio cd version of the book. i couldn\'t have made a better choice to listen to while driving in my car and listening to my cd player. ben kingsley\'s voice was excellent, and the journey and experiences of yogananda\'s life were both breathtaking and magnificent to learn about. it was also wonderful to learn of the anxiety, fear, and doubt he would experience throughout his lifetime, too, despite being the wonderful human and spiritual being that he had evolved into.listening to what both he and his masters were capable of...utilizing his fingers as antennae to find the exact home where the soul of one of his students was now reincarnating in the form of an unborn fetus inside of a woman, manifesting a palace in the middle of a forest for a ceremony and then making it disappear again afterwards, and having his master appear and reappear in front of him at different times throughout his life...all of these making me ask myself, "if all of this is real and what\'s really possible, what the heck is this other world that i\'ve created for myself?"if you want to travel on a great spiritual journey and have it all read to you in a magnificent voice, this audio version of the book is the one you\'ll want.\n', 0], ["i had to read this book for book club and was dreading it. it looked cheesy and didn't sound like anything i would enjoy. i was wrong. once i started it, i was so amused and laughed out loud many times. i was also touched by the sweetness of it in parts. this would make a great summer vacation read for anyone just looking for a good story.\n", 0], ["while i'm somewhat neutral on the subject of the clintons, i frankly can't see how this book generates the venomous spewing from previous reviewers. it is obviously a personal issue and not a serious review of this well written, entertaining and thoughtful memoir. much better than i expected.\n", 0], ['i didn\'t expect much from this book, but i still expected much more than i got. i\'m a new yorker who voted for senator clinton because i agreed with her politics. i have always been of the opinion that her husband is a heroic adulterer, but that this part of his life was not a reason to vote against - let alone impeach - him. (if we got rid of adulterous politicians, the capitol building would be mostly empty of them.)i bought the book based on news reports that, in it, senator clinton was "remarkably candid," but, instead, she plays it safe, pulls her punches, and presents a view of her marriage that is not very believable. i believe that senator clinton is a highly intelligent woman, and no highly intelligent woman could believe that the former president has been a mostly faithful husband, who briefly strayed with ms. lewinsky.it all makes for a dull read. i guess we\'ll have to wait for her to be out of politics and divorced before we get some real candor out of her.\n', 0], ['i was skeptical upon starting to read this. anything from a politician makes me pause. but i learned a lot about hilary. i disagree with some of her politics but i believe her to be a good person who worked hard to move us all forward.\n', 0], ["despite the foul language, if you can hang in there until chapter 11 when they have 4 weeks of vegetarian menus and a food list, they'll be something you can use. i don't agree with the only fruit for breakfast. if you want to go vegan and want to make sure you are eating healthy, i recommend becoming vegan. also, vegan cooking for one. & neva atlas' vegetarian 5-ingredient gourmet has some great recipes in them.\n", 0], ['very disappointed to have bought this book. authors seem very angry, and well - mean! many people are in serious trouble for calling themselves "fat pigs", a phrase used often in this book. there is an abusive tone to the authors - do not buy this book!!\n', 0], ["this was a great book. i didn't think it was boring in the slightest. i love jane's character, she is so strong and i think it's funny how she doesn't want to like trevor, but she knows she does.trevor is in another situation (of course) and jane gets involved. they go to macduff's run, it's in scotland, where they try to find answers to their current problems. you meet a lot of new characters, some deceiving, and some true to their word. it has a great ending. a very satisfying ending. and if you're a fan of trevor, than you'll love this book. you get to see if the tension between trevor and jane finally give way. i thought this book was amazing, and i was very impressed with it.\n", 0], ["the book is better than the movie, and might be worth reading if you need an immense tome to take on vacation. much as i despise this silly book, i have to admit it is a prime page turner.its chief interest as a book is as a window into the viewpoint of history so common in the white upper crust south in the 1930's. the casually racist attitudes of margaret mitchell are a good example, and enough to make any quasi-enlightened being howl with outrage. ditto the views on andersonville, reconstruction and especially the benefits of slavery to black people.\n", 0], ["ellie's whole life is pumpkin growing. on the small patch of land in the yard of her home where she lives with her widower father, ellie tries to grow giants big enough to win the town's annual pumpkin growing contest. the fall festival is the biggest holiday of the year in town, and even though ellie is still a teenager, she has been entering the adult growing division for years.the problem is cyril, a nasty and mean-spirited grower who also aims to grow the town's biggest pumpkin and has taken the fair's first-place title for many years. ellie always seems to be second place to this despicable man, who enjoys rubbing his victories in her face. this year, though, ellie is more determined than ever. she is confident that max, the biggest pumpkin she's ever grown, will be a champion.that is, she is confident until she sees cyril's giant.ellie continues to nurture her pumpkin while trying to do well in school, convince her father that growing pumpkins is important, and attempting to gain the attention of the new boy at school, the president of his former school's agriculture club. it is a stressful life for ellie, but will it all be worth it?i liked how ellie was able to relate everything going on in her life to growing. she used the analogy to explain everything to the reader, which showed just how important it was to her. the characters in this story were really good. i liked the way they interacted with each other and stood up for each other. i especially liked richard and the way he supported ellie.however, ellie took everything too seriously and overanalyzed everything. if she were a real person, i don't know if anyone would ever want to be around her. it also bothered me that ellie was constantly obsessing over her weight and then overeating. someone strong enough to do all of the work it took to grow those pumpkins should have been strong enough to go on a diet, if her weight was such an issue to her.\n", 0], ["my daughter loves twisted fairy tales - the more bizarre, the better! after a while, though, my imagination started to run dry. imagine my delight and relief at having found this collection of devious and subversively twisted fairy tales! jack (of beanstalk fame), the naughty and irrepressable narrator mangles, mutilates, and wise-cracks his way through this short collection of old-favorites-turned(literally, in some cases!)-on-their-heads. my little girl has become a avid reader (how do they manage to grow up so fast, anyway?), but she still insists that i read this to her. it never fails to crack her up, nor does it ever fail to be a delight to watch cinderella rebuke rumlestiltskin, or follow jack as he puts one over on the giant. other beloved fairly tales are sent-up outrageously as well, with chicken little redone as chiken licken, and the gingerbread man redone as the titled stinky cheese man.even if you don't have children, i strongly recommend this book, if only so you can laugh to yourself as your childhood memories are turned upside-down and inside-out.\n", 0], ['this is the most provocative and challenging book i have ever read about where our nation is headed with respect to oneof the essential underpinnings of our economy and society; namely, decent jobs. right now the shortage of jobs in the u.s. has pointed the finger to the off-shoring of jobs to countries with cheap labor. this book explains why, as serious as off-shoring is, &quot;off-peopling&quot; of jobs to robots will very soon be an even greater and more difficult problem to solve. the author explains in a very readable style, with clearly presented reasoning, backed by easily understood statistics, why the the threat of robots is no longer science fiction. he outlines ways that leaders in government, business, labor and education should be jointly working to avert the world-wide disruption of our economy and society which is already underway. we must develop and train people to fill millions of &quot;human edge&quot; jobs where, because humans are alive and robots are not, humans can come out on top of machines, even those with artificial intelligence -- not struggle in their wake. then many people, not just a relatively few techies, can hold not only decent jobs but fulfilling ones. you have to read this book to understand how this is possible...and then join the crusade to make it happen.\n', 0], ['i am new at body building, and this book has become my bible at the gym. very happy with it.\n', 0], ["i first read j. alfred wight's books as a preteen in the 70's, and have re-read them many times since. i have purchased them for friends more times than i can count. i own them in print version, and now also have them on my kindle.the james herriot series is a heart-warming, nostalgic, and often hilarious walk through pre-and- post-war yorkshire farmland. wight's characters and his own personality come alive through his simple-yet-skillful recounting of a profession in constant evolution. he brings back to life an era that has long since passed, and his gentle, unassuming intelligence and humanity illuminate every anecdote.the series is pure joy for animal lovers and historians alike; one i often go back to after a hard day in order to fall asleep with a smile.i also highly recommend the biography of j. alfred wight that was written by his son jim: &#34;the real james herriot, a memoir of my father&#34;.\n", 0], ['as a fan of james a. michener\'s historical fiction novels, a friend recommended "sarum" to me. since i always wanted to understand how england\'s history developed, this novel was received favorably.i found rutherfurd\'s writing to be just as much compelling as michener. in fact, he tells a wonderful story with rich characters without bogging down the reader in excessive historical detail (as michener sometimes is prone to do). i found this novel to be a real page-turner, and although it is over a thousand pages long, it is really a fast read, as the story-line is so interesting. one learns a lot of history along the way as well. it is very well written and offers a capsulization in chapters by era of the island\'s rich history.if you enjoy history, but don\'t like dry historical textbooks, try this book on the history of salsibury, england. it is a wonderfully interesting book and you will remember the distictive characters for years to come. thge chapter on stonehenge is worth the price alone.welcome to the world of historical fiction mr. rutherfurd! i will look forward to reading your other works as well.jim koenig\n', 0], ['just like coaching for leadership, human resources in the 21st century is a must read and should be an active resource for leading edge hr professionals and service providers who want to (positively) impact people and performance and provide value to the business.\n', 0], ['my wife got this book, liked it, but said it was just a bit of a slow read. longstreet was a pivotal figure in the war, and you learn much more about him, and the role he played through this book.\n', 0], ['if you want a cliff\'s notes (202 page) version of the motown story this is a great read. but if a black music authority devotes 5 pages to marvin gaye\'s duets with tammi terrell (and 6 more to flo\'s demise) one already knows this expensive paperback is not going to provide the motown "nitty-gritty" i was hoping for.which for me - now the nostalgia factor is wearing off - requires seperating highly enjoyable generic motown hit factory "products" from those iconic songs future generations will rank as all-time 60\'s classics. the one motown song certain to be in this latter category is marvin gaye\'s "i heard it through the grapevine". a note-perfect recording which never stales - and is never mentioned by mr.george.in his last chapter he removes norman whitfield from the motown role of honor because - by 1983 - his wah-wah guitar sound had become a cliche! why inaccurately denigrate this remarkable pioneer, who seamlessly fused human voices and rhythm instruments to create original non-formulaic songs - some up to 14 minutes long? a sophisticated musical form even the great duke ellington never fully mastered.that some creative artists "burn-out" has no bearing on the art they created when in their prime. isn\'t it obvious to everyone who\'s studied the entire motown oeuvre that norman was their only composer/producer to emerge as a bone-fide musical genius?i knew nothing of norman whitfield\'s output when his temptations and undisputed truth albums were first released. but what a discovery! ten albums which remain unique achievements in pop music history. as enjoyable and relevant today as when first taped and mixed.how norman whitfield "beat the system" to become a great american composer is yet to be disclosed in a book i hope will be written soon. should "universal" release all his motown tracks in a 10 cd box this re-evaluation could take only a few weeks.\n', 0], ["steinbeck wrote this novella after he returned from world war ii--he worked as a war correspondent-- and at the request of some troops who wanted the man to write an upbeat, funny story.one of the major themes that runs throughout this novella is the fact that our best laid plans often go awry. the scenes involving frankie and his plan to steal a present for doc, the first party thrown for doc by mack and the boys, and the surrealist gopher scene highlight this. steinbeck plants this effect almost seamlessly into a strong narrative that draws a parallel between the life caught up in a tide pool and life on cannery row. through vivid characterization and an uncanny ability to capture human behavior and relationships, steinbeck successfully allows the reader to live among the whores, pimps, gamblers, and sobs of cannery row. indeed, he truly paints these people as what they are-- everybody.i'd also recommend readers grab a copy of america and americans and read the non-fiction work based on steinbeck's relationship with ed ricketts, the man who inspired the character of doc.\n", 0], ["i like caddie. she is a smart girl. she has a big family.there is three brothers,three sisters,one cousin,a mom and a dad,and last but not least an uncle and a worker.she has a dog but something happens to it.a curcuit rider came about every month.something happens to the president.and something almost happened to the school but they saved it. they had a chance to go somewhere but you'll have to read it.have fun!\n", 0], ["great book - one of my favorites! it's a love story as related by an outside party with an unusual twist!\n", 0], ["in such situations, it is customary to start out with a &quot;good and the bad&quot; scenario. so here goes.the good: this book has a complex plot that keeps you interested for the most part. the characters are believable (if somewhat twisted), and the setting is appropriate: a creepy old house in the moors of england. heathcliff is a maniac with a likeable streak (mostly it's just sympathy). catherine is unbridled, wild and cruel. but it seems the narrator (nelly) is a bit too perfect.the bad: the plot can be a little too complex at times, and it's hard to follow. and the first four chapters... don't even get me started.i'm still giving it five stars because, in the end, it was worth the sometimes boring reading and slow pace. this book is definitely a classic that everyone should read.\n", 0], ['in this perfect summertime story, the boyer family relocates to florida with plans of growing strawberries. little do they know how much they\'ll have to overcome before they\'re enjoying fruit, however. in addition to droughts, heat, and extreme cold spells, they quickly learn that their neighbors, the slaters, are less than welcoming. the slaters allow their cattle to roam free, jeopardizing the young strawberry plants. mr. slater is just looking to pick a fight, and a big one, too. the boyers may be in actual danger. meanwhile, bertie boyer ("strawberry girl"), befriends shoestring slater, a rough-around-the-edges boy with a sad upbringing. but will their blossoming friendship be enough to bring about peace between the two families? and will those precious strawberry plants ever make it to harvest?recommended read-aloud age: all agesrecommended read-alone age: 8 & upif you\'d like to read more of my reviews, visit my book review website: larsenreviews.org\n', 0], ['[....]it is actually a good book and it tells both sides of the story, including the fact that most of the women liked the safety aspect of the ranch. which required std hiv testing and had great protection built into the rooms etc so that the women who were basically on contract could know that no jerk could get away with verbal or other types of abuse etc.and it talks about the women who got out of the business because they made the money they wanted, felt they provided a service and then wanted to move on be it to college or other non-sex related jobs.prostitution is a multi-level industry. the streetwalkers are the junk food level and the call girls and ranch women are the fine dining level.and if anyone thinks the mustang ranch rules were humiliating [...,the] sad fact is society sees humiliation as acceptable while some here, including myself see it as something that needs to be stopped.\n', 0], ['i did not get the opportunity to read this book in high school, which is probably for the best. as a teenager, being forced to read a classic, i would never have appreciated was a great story it truly is.\n', 0], ['while the synopsis of the book seems interesting, i am not sure what the book is about. the author uses a "stream of conscious" method of stroy telling which few authors could use successfully. additionally, the story is not divided into chapters, so the stream of thought seems to speed to nowhere.the book is allegedly a memoir of a czech writer who moved to canada to start a publishing company. the story is a reflection of his childhood and early life in communist czechoslavakia. the few entertaining points are concentrated in the dark humor scattered throughout the book. the humor addresses such topics as prostitution and communism.what was it like to live in communism? the answers to these questions are sparse and redundant. aside from the humor, it is hard to decipher the author\'s objective. it is a memoir, but even memoir need a story that is going somewhere.\n', 0], ['those who have read any of vonneguts other books will recognize teh light humor and unique way in which he writes them, although in this book parts are funny but its like your almost afraid to laugh. slaughter house five is about an ordinary man although some expraordinary things happen to him, and his experiences. how he daels with his experience with the fire bombing at dresdon, his wife, daughter and some other some what normal happenings. although it is not only about his encounters on earth but also when he travled to another planet. the real reason why this book is unique is because of something that vonnegut explains early on in the book which is that the main character is &quot;unstuck in time&quot;. that is all it says and after you read more it becomes more clear exactly what that sentence means.\n', 0], ["i own the hardcover edition of this book. dr. estes wrote a very insightful book and the collection of the stories make sense why she picked them. it took me awhile to read the first time. it's one of the books that i would read over and over. i don't think that i would ever loan it out to anyone though.\n", 0], ['little women, always a classic. if you are young and have never read this book, it is highly suggested. the classics are classics for a reason.good movie too!\n', 0], ['when i read the concept of the novel, it sounded like an interesting read to me. but, after reading it, prose\'s work left me with little emotion for the characters who (in my opinion) lacked depth.from a self-claimed neo-nazi to a jewish holocaust survivor, the male characters do not seem to change, in my opinion, but rather stay dormant and stuck in their attitudes and life.on one hand, we have vincent nolan (a timothy mcveigh look-alike), who professes to be using the "world brotherhood watch" organization to help "save guys from becoming guys like me". he literally uses the premise of the organization to help him survive...they feed him, clothe him, etc. he is in need of a place to live, has no funds to find a place, and decides on a plan, whereby he convinces maslow that he is trying to do good. he in turn gives meyer maslow (the founder and head of the organization, and a holocaust survivor) the boost that is needed to help promote the organization, and to promote his latest book (which is not selling well). nolan becomes the poster boy for maslow\'s foundation.maslow convinces maslow\'s assistant, bonnie, to take nolan in and give him a roof over his head. bonnie has two children, and her family is rather dysfunctional. maslow, himself, contorts the fact that he convinced bonnie to take nolan in, by stating to himself (over and over again), and to others, that bonnie volunteered to take him in.maslow is using his holocaust survivor experience to earn a living, literally, in my opinion. he is not really using the organization to help those in need, but uses any opportunity to promote his own image...that of being a man of honor, trust and a man who is trying to save the world, a person at a time. in actuality, he is extremely superficial, and is using the organization he founded to create himself as a figure of ethics and good values. he even questions his own motives for doing what he does, wondering if it is for the right reason. at one point he claims that material things do not matter to him, because he has experienced the worst of life without them, yet he is married, lives in a mansion, and dresses in aramani suits (proudly). nothing but the best for him.one might assume that this novel is loosely based on elie wiesel, but, i see no similarities there, other than the fact that wiesel survived the holocaust.for me, a changed man, could have been written with more in-depth characters, and characters of substance. the book had a lot of prose, but no depth.\n', 0], ["i have happy memories of reading this book aloud to my father when both of us were sick with stomach flu. somehow, cuddling on the couch reading about ramona's similar predicament helped both of us feel better.like all the ramona books, this is an outstanding portrayal of a very real little girl as she learns to enjoy reading, falls off her bike, fights with her sister and makes peace with old friends. it's a great book for eight-year-olds and for those who were eight a long time ago!\n", 0], ['i highly recommend this book for those of you who are inexperienced scientific writers. i am really struggling with scientific writing right now. finding this book has been a blessing. it is very well written in that the language is simple and straighforward. excellent examples are provided that have been very helpful for me such as: how to write using the active voice and first person (often frowned upon in scientific writing)effectively. i have had this book for about three months and it is already dog eared and filled with sticky notes. i am planning on ordering the e version as soon as i get my new kindle. this will decrease the weight of my bag since i carry it with me just about everywhere i go. i also think more experienced writers will benefit from this book. i have read many scientific articles by experts and some of them are very difficult to read due to unnecessarily long and complex sentences. this book gives some very good tips on how to keep sentences concise so that the complexity of the science can be better appreciated.\n', 0], ["robert k. massie's account of the last days of tsarist russia is intelligently written. even if one is not historically inclined, one will automatically find onself drawn to this tragic tale. the book is so desciptive that one is almost lead to believe that massie himself witnessed every event. if i must add any criticism of the book, it would be that massie overestimates the the influence that rasputin had on the fall of the imperial government. it is true that rasputin helped hasten the government's downfall , but it would have fell nonetheless due its subjection to a weak ruler and his neurotic wife. in all fairness, i must say that this minor point is not enough to dissuade me from giving it five stars. it is a must read for all those who love history, especially russian history!\n", 0], ['i can\'t agree with guest editor mark helprin on all of his choices in this edition of the venerable anthology series (such as robert lacy\'s "the natural father"), but there is certainly some excellent reading here. for my money, the highlights are "entrechat," by edith milton and "the water-faucet vision," by gish jen .\n', 0], ['i adore elizabeth and the fact that she is headstrong and opinionated in this time when that was beyond frowned upon. i like jane and her shyness. i loved bingley and his charismatic charm. i also really love mr bennet and his sense of humor. mrs bennet & lydia bennet on the other hand were those characters you alway wanted to smack in the face for being so stupid...like so:and then there is darcy.... at first, like everyone else, i wasn\'t very into him. he was standoffish and he insulted elizabeth behind her back mere moments after meeting her! seriously, what is wrong with you dude? i was fuming as much as elizabeth...but then you realize that he is shy and awkward when conversing with people he doesn\'t know and he does all this amazing stuff just to help elizabeth. i followed elizabeth right down the rabbit whole when she started to fall for darcy.my only real complaint, oddly enough, was the prose. i truly did not expect the way it was written to bug me. i am an historical romance novel fanatic so you would assume that this would be right up my alley, no?but it really wasn\'t. apparently i only like to listen to them speak this way, not read it. when i hear them speak, it\'s like aw! he is paying her an extreme compliment and using all these pretty words. when i read it, the dialogue i can handle, but the entire page of description that basically amounts to "they lived in a large house called longbourne that had many rooms and a lot of land with woods"....well i wasn\'t so into that. and when mr collins spoke, i had the biggest urge to just yell at him to spit it out already! seriously dude, pull your head out of lady catherine\'s ass and speak for yourself! stop paying lady catherine compliments every other word! trust me, we understand that you think she is the awesome.wow...this is probably the crappiest review i have ever written, but seriously there are tons of reviews out there that really explain what this book is about as well as several films, so if my review has left you confused, please go consult one of them (or just google it) and they will answers your numerous questions.\n', 0], ['i was a little nervous when i first decided to put this on my summer reading list. the book was 367 pages of text, close together, justified and not written in easy language (i.e. modern english). i was optimistically hoping to finish it within a month.but i really liked the movie with keira knightley and wanted to see how closely it compared and if it was as good as the movie.two weeks later, i am done, and i am pleased with the ride.plot:mr. bingley, an eligible, wealthy bachelor, moves nearby the bennett family, who have five unmarried daughters. the bennett family must secure good marriages for their daughters since they will inherit nothing when their father dies. romance is in the air between jane bennett and mr. bingley, while the first sparks of love appear between the proud, wealthy mr. darcy and the exuberant, elizabeth bennett.good:there are so many good parts to this book! i don\'t quite know where to begin!the characters are believable and real. elizabeth is a well rounded character. she starts out proud and prejudiced against mr. darcy but as she learns of his true quality is not afraid of changing her mind. mr. darcy was sweet, opinionated, and equally prejudiced against elizabeth\'s "poor connections".the plot was wonderful and well paced. it kept me on the edge of my seat (although it was not an action book); i couldn\'t wait to see what would happen on each page.i enjoyed the arguments between elizabeth (and her fiesty personality) and mr. darcy (stiff and proud). the quips they came up with! the chemistry between the two was perfect!lastly, i enjoyed how the author emphasized (via mr. bennett) to marry for love and not for money or connections or the like. this is something very much beyond her time (as many marriages in the late 18th century were arranged).bad:well, this is being exceedingly petty, but the language of this book makes it difficult for a modern reader to fully understand the nuances of what jane austen is trying to say (the notes at the appendix help with this, however).dialogue/sexual situations/violencenone. talk is made of how lydia and an officer run off to live with each other without marrying. none.overall:sweet. there is no better word for the free-spirited, witty romance between mr. darcy and elizabeth. i would have to say this is the best, purest romance story i have ever read (besides, maybethe princess bride). the movie does a fabulous job with the book, but the book is even more enjoyable than the movie (if you can imagine). you will not be displeased with this one.\n', 0], ['still a great story;even after multiple readings. timeless. will read it again in the future. a personal favorite of jane austen"s work.\n', 0], ["i love the vivid pictures in this book! it's short on text but you could easily spend many happy hours poring over alexandria's grand ports, hotels and public squares.\n", 0], ["&quot;extreme&quot;, &quot;lantern jawed&quot;, &quot;boulders the size of buildings&quot;. mix these three cliches, stir in an almost incomprehensible mix of first names and some [partial] biographies and you have the essence of todd balf's the last river - the tragic race of shangri-la. ostensibly the tale of a river exploration by kayak gone awry it's focus is continuously blurred by disorganized snippets of arcana and personal information about the participants and (too many) peripheral players in this tale of a grand scheme gone bad. the real tragedy of this story seems to be the fact that balf is the self- appointed chronicler of it. balf continuously mires the reader in minutiae that is scattered seemingly hodge-podge throughout the story. the timeline of the book wavers between serpentine and non-existent and further clouds an already confusing tale. the story itself, the story of a group of experienced paddlers seeking the ultimate challenge on one of the mightiest rivers in the far east, has unlimited potential to be engaging. instead, balf scrawls such a circuitous, hackneyed missive, that the weakly developed principal characters rush down a river of unpredictable, choppy and confusing prose long before they reach the river that shares those qualities. in the author's note balf writes of his struggle to give shape to an original article about the topic of his book. the reader is predisposed to think that balf underwent the same struggle with the book..and lost. balf seems overwhelmed by the topic at hand: too much information, too much forced drama and too many characters have resulted in an unruly pastiche of a story. in the end it is the story that suffers: the clarity of the participant's vision has been lost, the essence of the experience that beckoned them left unexplored. for [the money] can there are more entrancing journeys for the reader to take.\n", 0], ['(...)"ten queens" gives the life story of ten monarchs from diverse time periods and cultures, along with the effects they had on their realms.the problem with "queens" is that it reads like a textbook, dryly listing fact after fact. it would be perfect for a research report or biography, as it includes firsthand accounts and scholar\'s analyses. however, the entertainment quotient is somewhat lacking - as i mentioned before, i could read a textbook and be equally intrigued. however, mr. meltzer does manage to portray the personalities of these extraordinary women, and certain passages convey how spectacular their lives must have been.the illustrations nearly make up for how tedious the text of this tome is. the colorful, barely abstract paintings add an air of fun to the otherwise stringent chapters.overall, i suggest "ten queens" for those wishing to pen a report/biography on queen esther, cleopatra, boudicca, zenobia, eleanor of aquitaine, isabel of spain, elizabeth i, christina of sweden, maria theresa or catherine the great, but if you are seeking entertainment, look elsewhere.\n', 0], ['this is the book for you. written with human that\'s still contemporary after forty years, herbert wendt\'s romp from the "birth of the west" to "the customs of the peoples" will entertain as it educates--the highest accolade i can offer. throughout the narrator traces the interweaving of legend, myth, and "historical event" in a way that brings new appreciation of the power of storytelling to shape human consciousness--fears as well as hopes and dreams.\n', 0], ["witch bree's books are far above the usual offerings in this category. the introduction is concise yet touches on the essentials-- dealing more with your frame of mind as you continue on than a history lesson. these books are like good advice from a wise friend. i liked how the author presents the material seriously and treats it with respect, yet still remains accessible, light, and personable. her books feel grounded, and based in traditional knowledge, while also managing to connect with the modern-day reader. handy guide to resources, too. oh, and did i mention the books are gorgeous?! the book artist and designer in me gives the visual presentation five stars as well. highly recommended!\n", 0], ["emily bronte is not as well-known as her sister charlotte who wrote jane eyre, that, it must be said, far surpasses wuthering heights. i'd like to think that every book has a good, universal element we can relate to. and they do. wuthering heights is a story of revenge, passion and metaphysical love. it is a gothic novel set appropriately in the bleakness of the moors in england. emily bronte brings out a gorgeous narrative. it is confusing because it has the points of views quickly shifting from one personage to another. nelly tells it for the most part. but the love story is incredible. heathcliff and catherine, as selfish and cold characters that they are, share a love that binds them even when they are apart in life and in death. it can be romantic. but the reason they teach this in school is because of the scholarly attention it receives, being a bronte product. i think jane eyre may be of higher calibre but wuthering heights has its brilliant moments. it is a classic. i say it has many colors because we can be disgusted by the course actions of heatchliff as he orchestrates his revenge on the people around him. we can also dislike the snobbish personality of catherine and her choosing money over true love. but we can also sympathize for the lovers as human beings. this is a drama that can take place anywhere on earth. it is human drama. bronte is as much in the same line as other universal writers including dante and shakespeare. yes, emily should be proud of her masterpiece. at times boring but worth reading on your own. i highly recommend this great work. try to see beyond the boring parts and into the love and universalities !\n", 0], ["this is simply the best book i have ever read. you can't just read this book, you have to feel it, breathe it and live it. i simply love it.....\n", 0], ["jonathan alter, senior editor at newsweek, and frequent contributor at msnbc has written an excellent book about the rise and early presidency of franklin delano roosevelt entitled 'the defining moment.' in concise yet articulate chapters alter paints a compelling portrait of fdr, ther president who took the helm at what was, up until that point, the direst financial and societal crisis the nation had seen perhaps since the civil war, and certainly in the 20th century.now known as 'the great depression,' america was plunged into crisis after the great stock crash of 1929. the downward spiral was arguably exacerbated and accelerated by the failed policies of herbert hoover. enter fdr.roosevelt had worked his way up to serve as secretary of the navy in the mid 1920s. at that time al smith was the governor of new york. smith, in some ways, saw fdr as his heir apparent to the governorship in ny. he also felt threatened by him.smith had strong ties to the tammany hall group that had dominated ny city politics for decades but were suspect and corrupt in the eyes of many not within their circle. as the 1930s began, alter describes how roosevelt took on tammany hall and even launched an investigation against the nyc mayor, culminating in the mayor resigning under suspicion. this brazen challenging of the regional status quo helped make a name for fdr, and added momentum to his candidacy for president.as it turned out, fdr ended up battling smith for the democratic nomination in 1932. this was an uphill battle, as smith, while waning in popularity with the electorate, tightly controlled the party leadership that got out the vote and controlled the convention.in alter's nuanced portrait we see not only the glad-handing, smiling, congenial fdr who overcame obstacles and his disability. we also see a shrewd political maneuverer who knew how to say what needed to be said to win voter confidence, while also staying several steps ahead of his political adversaries. he showed great skill at gaining political advantage.roosevelt faced significant challenges along the way. one of his greatest challenges was his battle with illness. at the age of 39 he developed a mysterious fever while on vacation. he did not seek treatment right away and ended up with a crippling case of polio. as president-elect, he also was the target of a botched assassination attempt.his handlers and assistants worked vigorously to keep fdr from being portrayed as weak. he was not allowed to be photographed either in a wheelchair or being carried. when he made his way to the rostrum at the convention, he strode up on his son's arm along with a cane.one of the key turning points in his recuperation was his trips to warm springs, georgia. he found the waters there to be therapeutic and also found renewed confidence through his time there. alter asserts that fdr's bout with polio also sensitized him to the plight of the disabled and destitute and, in part, influenced some of the sweeping social reforms of the new deal.one of the greatest sources of strength for franklin, though was his wife eleanor. they had their share of challenges, and according to alter were on the verge of her considering divorce due to his infidelity. she rallied behind him, though, and was an effective and persuasive campaigner. alter mentions one story where protesters had gathered outside the white house and eleanor went out to serve them tea, listen to their concerns and diffuse a potentially ugly situation.once in office, fdr initiated the new deal- which, while unpopular with conservatives to this day, arguably helped get the u.s. economy and workforce back on its feet. it also promoted greater equity in wages and benefits for american workers through programs like the national recovery administration and social security.roosevelt also became well known for his 'fireside chats,' one of which alter includes in the appendix. these periodic radio broadcasts were the first time a president had addressed the american people in a conversational style through mass media.overall, alter's book is excellent, readable and very thoughtfully written. there are no new or earth-shattering revelations, but the book offers a thoughtful overview of roosevelt's ascension to the presidency and the early days of his time in office. while the challenges of each era in history are unique, there are also, arguably, some parallels to the crisis our nation now faces some 75+ years later. time will tell how well our leaders have learned from the important lessons from this era of history.\n", 0], ["agatha christie's the secret adversary is her first full blown attempt at the 'thriller' novel, which was an extremely popular format in the year it was published (1922). in those days, writers like sapper and edgar wallace were creating best-sellers for an ever-appreciating public. therefore, it is not surprising that christie would try her hand at the format as well. the results of this book are slightly mixed, but only if you take it too seriously. for after all, christie was a brilliant woman and knew exactly what she was doing. what the secret adversary is is a parody of the thrillers that were currently so popular. does this mean that we should not take it seriously? no. but it may help you enjoy the book more to realize that some of the elements of the book were added to tweak those other elements that were taken so very seriously in other thrillers.for example, how many coincidences can this book have? all tommy and tuppence (the extremely engaging heroes of the story) have to do is mention a name and they are immediately plunged in the enemy's lair. even tuppence cannot refrain from mentioning how 'amazing&quot; it all is! definitely this is christie with tongue-in-cheek. additionally, it is amazing that the villians (who are playing a very serious game indeed) do not dispatch with our heroes the moment they are detected. again, this is done with a slight jab to other thrillers where the heroes are typcially caught by the bad guys once or twice and they never, ever kill the heroes off. they always give them multiple chances to escape. christie knew how silly this all could be, but included anyway to play the game that she so obviously enjoyed.you might think, by all i have said, that this is not a book for you. you also might wonder why i am giving it five stars. first of all, it is christie after all, and her style is breezy and extremely readable. also, tommy and tuppence are delightful characters and their banter is worth the rest of the book. plus, there are some very effective moments in the book, which only a master like christie could manage. the discovery of the poisoned body is very well written and actually created a chill that shot down my spine. yes, it is not christie's greatest work by a long shot, and yes, there are some incredible implausibilities in the story. but i believe that they were there for a purpose. besides, if all you are looking for is a diverting couple of hours, you could do a lot worse than this book. it's a lark, and that is exactly what christie intended it to be from the first.\n", 0], ['this book is well...boring. the main character is just too nice. all the main elements of a novel are missing. the dialauge is ok,there is no climax,and by the middle of the book you dont care what happens to the main character. i dont know why this book is a classic. trust me, it deserves a 1. for all those teachers out there, dont buy black beauty!!!\n', 0], ["i had heard of the book black beauty all my life, but had never read it. this is a book that anyone and everyone should read. it is deep and thoughtful. it made me stop and think about how i treat animals and my fellow man. i would say this is a must read for everyone. this story was told through a horse's view of life. it is truly an amazing work. i think anyone that owns any animal should read this book.\n", 0], ["i picked this book up expecting a unique twist on the king arthur legend. what i got was a pothetic explanation for how merlin got his magical powers -that he had access to modern technology. so instead of the mighty wizard mumbling a spell to cure an illness, he wips out his penacillin syringe. i'm sorry if you loved this rendition, but king arthur has to be mideival. no excuse is good enough.\n", 0], ["i have read a number of archer's books and found them entertaining and as i had my new kindle on an overseas trip i purchased kane and abel and read it in about 5 days of down time. it is the best archer book i have read and i was totally immersed in the story of the two men and how their paths crossed. i also enjoy the historical perspective in his book particularly the wars and usa politics. indeed a pleasure to read and i consider it in my top ten books.\n", 0], ['this book shows you what tom clancy does best. he integrates modern military technology with a good story. great follow up to hunt for red october.\n', 0], ['some of the pages had been torn out. i know it was "used" but i expected the book to be complete.\n', 0], ['yeah you herd me, its a load of crock. lemony snicket didnt even write this either, its some idiot that thinks shes him. avoid at all costs!\n', 0], ['it was used book. it came promptly and was in good shape. it is for a class my son is taking and is a required read.\n', 0], ["you will learn little about casanova from this book. flems's biography is much too abbreviated. the author's basic point appears to be to adore casanova rather than illuminate the man. he was an adventurer of a most extraordinary kind and gifted far beyond most people in wit, intelligence, creativity and humanism. you will not meet that casanova in this book. this is the popcorn version of casanova. it lacks revealing details and reads more like an outline than a biography.\n", 0], ['this book may appear without reserves and by own right - next to milton ` s aeropagitica", locke \' s "essay about the civil government", rousseau `s social contract" in the enviable gallery of works of political combat that, still determine capital influence on the mankind. this is a vibrant and passionate defense about the thinking and expression liberties, a vehement apology of the tolerance and respect beliefs or dissident minorities, a fearless recovery around the human spontaneity and singularity against the exerted oppression by authorities, costumes or public opinion.under the lucid perspective of the elapsed years, this was a visionary text whose importance perhaps still has not been evaluated in all its wholeness.\n', 0], ["a story for all of us romantics. as it is in heaven is about the love of a shy schoolteacher and a passionate violinist. it is written in an irish setting. stephen griffen a shy school teacher and lead a very lonely life after his mother &amp; sister were killed in a car accident. his father took no interest in him or his brother's lives. silence became a part of their life from that point on. from the moment stephen met gabrella castoldi he could not keep his mind off of her. stephen's father does not approve of the union. in this story, stephen's life is forever changed, as well as everyone around him.such a wonderful sweet story that is uplifting as well. a must buy for any one who loves a good love story. i would recommend it.\n", 0], ["i was impressed by this book's flowing description. one time i sat down to read a bit, and next thing i knew, three hours had passed!i would highly reccomend this to anyone interested in the second manassas campaign.on a downside, the maps, though common, are hard to read in places, and it is hard to tell the woods from the open land....\n", 0], ["this book changed my life. the banquet years shows how the avant-garde movement shaped the entire 20th century -- even though it was in the 1950s, (i believe). it's a brilliant and lucid analysis of the most colorful time and place of this century.\n", 0], ['the book i read and liked very much, was called gplaying for keeps.h i bet you already knew this authorfs name, and his name is joan lowery. i think he writes books that has narrative hook, which means grabs readerfs attention, and make our feelings gwants to read more and more.h playing for keeps is a book, which is a fiction story, and it is adventure, and mystery.it is a book about teenage girl named rose, and went to the cruise by ship with her grandma, and grandmafs friend, and her friendfs grandson, nick. at the ship, rose will meet the boy, ricky. from the day they met, they are in love. but ricky is in danger, because he just escaped from cuba, and the cuban government is searching for him. if somebody from cuban government finds him, they will take him back to cuba, and the punishment---to kill him. and, there is another problem. the captain was killed on the ship, and when police found him, he was holding blue t-shirtfs pocket. they start searching for the people who have the blue shirts which has ripped on the pocket part.do you think rose and her friends, can solve who killed the captain and help ricky???i think this book has lot of strength, because again, it has narrative hook, and it has lot of mysteries. i donft think it doesnft have any weakness, but i donft recommend this book to the children who are 2nd or 3rd grade, because it might make little kids scared, because one of the characters are killed by someone.i recommend to boys and girls and adults, but i really recommends to the teenage girls, because the main character is a teenage girl, and i think you can feel the same feeling as main character.i am pretty sure that you will enjoy this book, and thank you so much for reading about gplaying for the keeps,h one of my favorite books in the world.\n', 0], ["came highly recommended from a group of friends at the office, they were correct. well written, interesting history of chicago, exciting, disturbing history lesson as well of what's inside the mind of a serial predator and killer. a very different reading experience. half way through and eager to get back at it.\n", 0], ["there is nothing quite like reading a good mystery. a book that keeps you on the edge of your seat from the first page to the last word. no mystery that i have ever read has done this better the gone for good by harlan coben. the book was published by orion in 2002. the book follows the life of will klein, who as a young boy thinks his older brother ken is the best person in the world. however, as he and his brother grow older, something changes. ken gets mixed up with the wrong crowd, and ends up becoming a murder suspect in the murder of a local young a very beautiful girl. ken has no choice but to flee, and will continues to think that his brother is innocent of the crime. years go by and will thinks his brother has died. he starts his life as an adult and gets a steady girlfriend. however, little does he know that the worst is yet to come.after will's mom dies, he learns that his brother may still be alive. this sends will's head spinning, and he enlists the help of his friend squares for help in finding his brother. but then things start to get strange. will's girlfriend sheila runs away one night without any warning, and then she is later reported dead. all this time, will and the sister of the girl that was thought to be killed by ken are being pursued by the ghost, a serial killer who is employed by the largest murderer in new york. in order to find out the truth about ken, sheila, and what happened all those years ago, will and squares must go on a journey that takes them through the worst parts of new york city all the way to the midwest. there are many twists and turns along the way, such as will getting arrested for the attempted murder of katy miller, the sister of the girl ken tried to kill.this is one of the best mysteries that i have ever read for many reasons. the first of which is the way the book is set up. the author writes in very short chapter, no more than ten to twelve pages a chapter. this allows the author to quickly switch between talking about important parts of the book, which helps with the flow of the book. another reason that the book is a success is because of the way that there is a lot of little mysteries all tied into the big mystery of the book. since there is an answer to one of these little mysteries almost every chapter, it keeps the reader interested in the whole book because there is always something new to be learned. the final reason that i thought the book was successful was because the line between good and bad in the story was a very fine one. over the course of the book, good characters become bad and bad characters become good. fair warning, the ending the the book will a big surprise and change the way you think about the story.in conclusion, this is one of the best mysteries that i have ever read. it combines the concepts of a compelling storyline, the battle of good against evil, and a dynamic main character. the author coben does a great job of keeping the book interesting all the way through. there really is never a dull moment in the story, as the plot continues to twist and turn from start to finish. though the book may have some parts and themes that may not be good for young children, it is a book that can easily be read by a young adult. it is a great choice for a person that wants a book that they will never put down and will be excited to read. just a warning, if you read the book you may find that you have trouble doing anything else with your life because you will not want to put the book down.\n", 0], ["i had a great time with this book. jed has a wonderful, casual style that made me feel like he was having a conversation with me. he repeats concepts often through the book, like the stripping away of false ideas until you get at truth, but that repetition proved to be useful for me. enlightenment is a notoriously squirmy subject, and sometimes it takes repetition to pin it as far down as you're going to without actually going through the work.one of the best focus points in the book is the description of the actual work that's required to become enlightened, assuming that's your goal. whether or not you'd want to become enlightened is another topic in the book. seriously, what's in it for you? jed points out that if it's bliss you're looking for, there's easier ways to get it, and permanent bliss isn't the end result of becoming enlightened.other than an entertaining foray into a sky diving experience, jed mckenna stays close to the ground and gives a personal and engaging view of what it's like to be enlightened, to teach others, and to be surrounded by a culture of vegetarian seekers of pure love and generous spirituality. he never suggests that these people are in any way pathetic or misguided, but suggests that they may want to be careful of what they think they wish for.if you're heavily involved in the new age movement or some religions, i guess it's possible that you may find some of the material indirectly offensive. if you have a fixed idea about what enlightenment is supposed to be, well, it may be a waste of time--stick with what you're comfortable with. also, if you need a god-like authority figure to bow to (and the folks who recommend him in the first part of the book aren't enough recommendation for you to get you over the whole 'who does he think he is!' reaction) you can move along. otherwise, recommended to anyone who wants to see one guy's take on the fuss is about, and if the fuss is worth it!\n", 0], ["snow crash is a book that weaves sumerian myth with virtual reality and creates a cyberpunk thriller. it reminded me a lot of gibson's neuromancer/count zero/mona lisa overdrive series but it was vintage stephenson all the way. it's safe to say that if you enjoyed snow crash then you'll probably also enjoy both gibson and robert anton wilson's eye in the pyramid books as well.\n", 0], ["ok this book was truly amazing , it gave me chills and it made me anxious to get to the end but that very ending disapointed me so much that well i don't thgink it's amazing anymaore. it's obvbious r.l was trying to be unique but he ended upbeing dumb. the ending was so horrid that r.l was forced to write a sequel.\n", 0], ['this novel is perhaps one of the best things i have ever read. the characters russo creates in this magnificent tale of life in small town america stick with you and refuse to waver in their ever emerging good and bad qualities. you will not regret any time or money spent on getting to know this story and these characters russo paints with a brush of such beautiful and vivid colors.\n', 0], ['richard russo is a beautiful writer. the book is outstanding. it was a true pleasure to read it. the characters come to life in the pages, the location is vivid, and the humanity is real.\n', 0], ["al franken has written an entertaining, extremely readable, and hard-hitting expos&eacute; of the deceptions, lies, and untruths propagated by the both the right wing media and the government in washington, dc they are supporting. franken documents a number of individual cases quoting directly such &quot;luminaries&quot; as ann coulter, bill o'reilly, and george bush, and demonstrating specifically how they have downright lied. if there is any evidence that the media is not liberal slanted, just compare the overwhelming attention given to misstatements from bill clinton or al gore, to the absolute lack of attention given to lies of bush and friends. if the media were so liberal, just the opposite would be the case.besides the attention to facts, truth and details, the biggest difference that separates franken from the blowhards on the right is that franken has a sense of humor.one can only hope that the media picks up just a few of franken's points during the upcoming election season and show the lying liars for what they are - major prevaricators.\n", 0], ['i didn\'t even know franken had a new book out till i read all the hoopla in the papers about the fox network suing to prevent him from using,(of all things!),the words "fair and balanced".(not to overuse these parentheses,but),(the suit had the effect of shooting the book from number 489 to number one on the amazon site.) yikes !!!boy did they make a blunder. one that will reverberate through the political right wing and all the way up to the presidency if there is any justice in this country.al and his (brilliant)harvard student aides have crafted a book that is completely and devastatingly,(to conservatives),backed up by documentation as to what lies were told, by whom, and finally unimpeachable sources that show the lies were truly a part of the ("if not vast, then very, very large"), (al\'s words), right wing conspiracy.do yourself and your book-sharing buddies a favor and spread this important book around!!! (please...)\n', 0], ['i was amazed that anyone could fit so much garbage in a book this size.franken who is a has been (who never really was) gets all his facts wrong. while this in itself is not surprising since its almost expected these days from franken, there is nothing even funny about the book or the author.its just misinformed, and poorly researched faction.i did find a use for the book though in my bathroom, though the paper on a roll is cheaper.\n', 0], ["to compare franken's work with anything beyond a sophomore's piece in his school newspaper would be dangerous. he assembles a group of willing harvard students with his same agenda and seeks to ridicule everything and everyone with whom he disagrees. childish and sophomoric. read his piece on bob jones university. after our sophomore year in high school most of us learn to stop ridiculing and teasing people we don't understand. these harvard students have not gotten that far and franken apparently never will get there. grow up..... hopefully those students might, franken never will.\n", 0], ["www.frankenlies.com ... judge for yourself who is telling the truth ... will franken issue an apology or retraction now that bill o'reilly has exhibited the actual deed / mortgage from his boyhood home, and it clearly says, &quot;levittown, new york&quot;?\n", 0], ['i had never heard of this book before and simply picked it up on an impulse. boy, was i lucky! fannie flagg is an amazing author. i sunk into the world of the book everytime i picked it up and by the time i was done, idgie, sipsey, ninny and the other characters had become a part of my life!i would have given it five stars but for the totally predictable and cinematic ending. nevertheless, it was feel-good - so am not complaining too much. overall, if you would like to transport yourself to another age and place right from the comfort of your arm-chair, fried green tomatoes would be a very good choice indeed!\n', 0], ["everyone with a few extra dollars in their pocket should get a copy of this book. it's a true literary classic. you can trust basically everything from the penguin classics series.\n", 0], ["the sequel to the first, hungry eyes, is almost as good as the first. it's addictive, thrilling, and well written. the characters are strong and easily latched on to (except shara gets on my nerves a little at times.) a lot happens, and the ending was an incredible finish. an excellent sequel to hungry eyes, if you were left wanting more -- this is a great runner up. even as a stand alone book, eyes of prey is a great read with a multitude of social commentaries.\n", 0], ['we think this book is really not that good. the book is not really good for little kids because there are complicated words in it. we got confused on the book and it was hard to understand the meaning of it. we really did not enjoy this book. some parts of the book were good and exciting, but other than that the book was kind of dull.\n', 0], ['excellent book about the history of elizabeth keckley. she seems to be the only person that stood by mrs. lincoln.\n', 0], ["an amusing,informative book.above all it proves we're all &#34;in&#34; with a chance of heaven!confirms the saying...&#34;life was not meant to be easy!&#34;\n", 0], ["i have just read this book for my a level english literature course and found it absolutely thrilling. the story weaves together so well and leaves you guessing for so much more. if anyone could help i'd like to know how people think the protagonist overcomes adversity in this book. thanks!\n", 0], ['levi bar alpheus, aka biff, has been resurrected by an angel named raziel to tell the life story of his pal joshua, aka christ. yeah, christopher moore, author of the delightful "sequined love nun," and several other rip roaring funny stories, has turned his hand to the story of the savior. now i confess to being christian, so at first i was a little put out when my girlfriend gave me this book, but after getting into it i have to tell you that this is not blasphemy. moore shows us a human christ, gives him the same doubts we all have, only on a much grander scale. and he gives us a million and one laughs as we read along. well maybe not that many, but a lot. and we learn the story of how the easter bunny came to be as well, whooo hooo. give this book a read and you might be unexpectedly surprised. i bet you\'ll like. i know i did.\n', 0], ['this book, though quite old, has stood the test of time in that it teaches you how to form correct sentences, all the way to how to write papers in the many required types that most colleges require. it is quite clear and can get the novice started as well as fine tune the experienced writer.\n', 0], ["a surprisingly readable history of a dark and troubled time in india's history. britain rode roughshod over thousands of years of civilisation on the sub-continent seeking to impose christianity on an unwilling populace. the invaders believed that their way of life was simply superior to that of that of the subjugated masses. history continues to repeat these terrble crimes into the 20th and 21st centuries.\n", 0], ['content is very good, written in a detailed and logical manner that is for the intermediate reader. lay people who have no knowledge of basic accounting and zero knowledge of economics might have difficulty understanding the second portion of the book and relating it to today\'s occurrences.as with all books, the advanced reader must be able to think critically of the book together with the other giants in economics of other schools; fisher, keynes and friedman (they are all right in one way or another, but how can they assist us going forward, or are they completely irrelevant?).as mentioned, this is for the intermediate reader. for an easier read, lay people might want to consider books by ron paul, thomas woods and in particular, henry hazlitt\'s "economics in one lesson"- which is written in very plain language, essays are article-like and as such, easy to digest the principles.advanced readers with solid background and experience in economics and finance should have no issues interpreting what rothbard is trying to say, though it may sound new because austrian economics is not mainstream. for a more advanced reading of austrian economics, readers might want to consider hayek, von mises (old school) and/or de soto (modern).\n', 0], ['i thought this book was stupid, to put it bluntly. the mist that takes material form so that it can throw things because it hates christmas? the relationship between matt and kate? two people who have lived years apart on different continents and did not even attend school together? they were never friends that i could detect from the storyline. yet, each knew the other was the only one for them. what utter tripe. maybe the man in the mist is more believable than the love story, now that i consider it farther. a stinker of a book.for the record, i read and enjoyed the hannah story! that made this all the more disappointing to me.\n', 0], ['great book!! even though it was written 20+ years ago, its still relevant.. "jockacracy" is dominate as ever. love howard!!!\n', 0], ["having begun this plan 5 months ago, i must admit that i entered into it with some degree of skepticism. it seemed too good to be true that i could finally eat some of the foods i had abandoned in preference of the high-carbohydrate, low fat diet touted by the nutrition intelligensia of today.after having lost 40 pounds (39 of them in body fat) and 10 inches off my waist - you read correctly - 10 inches, i must say that this is no fad diet. it is a lifestyle - and one that i can stick to, for a change.my cholesterol level has dropped from 210 to 176, with improvement in the hdl/ldl ratio. the overall effect is that my risk of heart disease has decreased, not increased (as the naysayers would have you to believe).my doctor has carefully reviewed the plan and analyzed my protein to carbohydrate ratio and has determined that there is no danger of damage to my internal organs due to ketosis.granted, this is not a politically correct diet. the vegetarian community would have you believe that you will keel over having a heart attack after going on this diet, but the lab results don't lie and the facts are that i am less likely to develop heart disease now than i was on a high-carb, low fat diet.this plan is not for everybody, but if it is for you, your body will respond quickly and you will know within a short period of time whether or not hyperinsulinemia is a problem you have.buy the book, read the plan and give it a go. what do you have to lose but inches and pounds?\n", 0], ['i have just recently finished the book wuthering heights and have found it is a very interesting book.in the novel, nelly dean is telling mr. lockwood the story of mr. heathcliff, who is the landlord of the houses wuthering heights and thrushcross grange.mr. heathcliff was a young, poor child when he was adopted into the rich earnshaw household. as heathcliff grew up he fell in love with catherine earnshaw, daughter of mr. earnshaw, and loved her throughout the rest of the novel. once catherine is old enough she decides to marry edgar linton for his social status (i.e. money, looks), and hopes to bring heathcliff up out of the power of her brother hindley. heathcliff regrets her decision and runs away for three years.when heathcliff comes back he is very wealthy and wishes to see catherine after his time away for so long. after meeting with catherine, heathcliff is very upset at the fact that she married mr. edgar linton. heathcliff finds out that isabella, edgars sister, has fallen in love with him and he thinks it will be a perfect way to get revenge on not only on catherine, but also edgar linton. heathcliff marries isabella and takes her to live and wuthering heights with him, where she is quite miserable due to the lack of hospitality. during this time period catherine dies after she has her daughter cathy, and heathcliff is miserable because he never got to show his love towards her. at this point isabella runs off to gimmerton, the local village, and has a child named linton which she asks her brother to come pick up so that heathcliff could not torture him with the anger he had towards isabella. after edgar picks up linton, isabella dies and edgar comes back to the grange. the next day nelly brings linton over to the heights because heathcliff says its "his property". young cathy falls in love with her cousin linton, even though he is always sick and moaning, and eventually marries him. linton dies one night and heathcliff taks control over both wuthering heights and thrushcross grange. young cathy falls in love with hareton, son of hindley earnshaw, and marries him. heathcliff eventually dies and everyone lives happily ever after.i personally wouldn\'t have picked up this book myself if it was up to me, but my teacher had us read it in his class and im glad i did. compared to wuthering heights, not any other novel has seemed so hard.\n', 0], ['"the valley of horses" is jane auel\'s sequel to "clan of the cave bear." "clan" is by far the better book, but "the valley of horses" is a worthy sequel (and there are several books to follow this one).when we left "clan of the cave bear," the heroine was a modern version of man living among a dying species. "the valley of horses" helps the heroine find more people like herself for the first time, and she meets jondular and falls in love. (the sex gets incredibly steamy -- it just didn\'t seem to fit.)overall, a good book. good enough, in fact, that it successfully lead me to the next book in the series, "the mammoth hunters."\n', 0], ["i have read many other books on the topic of past lives; but this one, dealing with children's experiences was one of the most fascinating and, in many ways, most validating i've read. the kids she writes of are uninhibited by experience and social institutions and have nothing to prove. ms. bowman not only gives many specific anecdotal accounts of her own; but she also cites the research and findings of other well-known researchers in this area. you recognize many of the people and studies she refers to, so there's a comfortable sense that she is not &quot;inventing&quot; anything new. you also end up with a wonderful &quot;must read&quot; list of books that keeps you hungry for more information and ready to move on to other studies.\n", 0], ["i liked the story being a greek family accustoms their lives around one nazi officer lieutenant named kalter who takes over their quarters by order of the nazi regime.they have burdens placed on them, and are afraid to act even when kalter abuses their son. 'if you dont want to know the ending' skip this: then kalter commits suicide, and relieves the helianos family of his existence, but at the price of her husbands life. before kalter died, he left a suicide note blaming mr. helianos for his death, and considering the fact that helianos was in prison for questioning the nazi ideals he is executed and mrs. helianos is left to take care of the children.now read:the reason i gave this book 2 stars is because i was detracted from the story every time i had to read about mrs. helianos's weak character because she is a woman, or her emotionally fragile nature, or being an obedient wife to her husband, and other undermining descriptions of the female gender.if anything the ending of the story shows how stunted she was by always having to be co-dependant on her husband, always being told she would be useless without him due to her 'womanly' nature and how that jeopardized her view of herself.\n", 0], ['i am surprised the reviews of this gem are so lukewarm. i found this western very entertaining. i especially recommend the audio, unabridged version read perfectly by annie potts. nellie cortwright, the heroine, has suffered the loss of every member of her large pioneer family except one brother. they abandon the family farm, and try to make a life in a frontier town, she as a telegrapher and he as a deputy. numerous historic figures: wild bill hickock, the earp family and others are worked into the story fairly true to historic descriptions of the time.mcmurtry usually delivers a great story. my favorite series of his is the texasville (last picture show) books, but his westerns like this one are very well written. i particularly liked the character of nellie because she is no shrinking violet, and enjoys kissing and much more with various gentlemen who charm her. well worth finding the audio version.\n', 0], ['&lt;a href="http://www.math.vanderbilt.edu/~schectex/ccc/">handbook of analysis and its foundations&lt;/a> was intended for beginning graduate students, or other people at approximately that level of mathematical sophistication. i strove for elegance and order.naturally, i\'m pleased to see the favorable reviews on amazon. but i\'m a little surprised that haf\'s introduction to logic was praised. although haf\'s treatment of set theory is both clear and insightful, haf\'s treatment of logic is merely clear; i now see it as somewhat mechanical. i wrote it when i was a beginner in the subject, and did not have a lot of insight. for insights into logic, i recommend my later book, &lt;a href="http://www.math.vanderbilt.edu/~schectex/logics/">classical and nonclassical logics&lt;/a>.cnl is intended for undergraduate students, a much more elementary audience, and so it has a different style: it is more repetitious and less elegant. still, the computations in the early chapters do lead up to some very satisfying theoretical results in the later chapters, and i think i\'ve managed to find and convey some real insight of what logic is about. (but see the book\'s &lt;a href="http://www.math.vanderbilt.edu/~schectex/logics/">web page&lt;/a> before you buy the book.)\n', 0], ["i found this a little dull. the stories are not emotionally compelling, perhaps because so many of them involve never identified, or already identified, remains. maybe i'm heartless but it's hard to get caught up in the story of an anonymous tibia. in the tale the author says scared her, chilled her to the bone, she is alone in the lab and-- hears a noise behind her! that's not much of a story. there are several diagrams of bones and interesting, clear explanations of how male and female, young and old skeletons are differentiated.\n", 0], ["richard wrights first novel contains all of wrights favourite themes; the phoney freedom of blacks in the north,the lack of identity save through racial divisions,the contradictions-political and moral-in the black community.all this is told following one day in the life of the reprehensible jake jackson, a womanising wife beater with right wing political ideology.richard wright is a great writer period, and easily in the top sphere of black writers (a label his greatness dosent need). he wrote what he observed even if it was uncomfortable viewing.'lawd today!' trails behind 'native son' and 'black boy' but has all the wright elements that influenced sam selvon and ralph ellison and-perhaps- his great friend nelson algren.experimental and great stuff.\n", 0], ['sure, settings like birthday parties and family gatherings are probably good places to be if one is occasionally depressed. but for those whose depression has organic bases, usually not. in large part, the families of those who are seriously depressed do not comprehend the illness. depression crosses the borders of socio-economic status, intelligence, and age, and its treatment is much more complex than trying to fix the symptoms.books that do not acknowledge these basic aspects of depression fail to further the cause of helping the depressed, and possibly keep popular misunderstandings as the status quo.\n', 0], ['this was one of a series , and all were wonderful to read.\n', 0], ["i think that jane ayer is one of the most interesting novels i've ever read.i study literature ,and many of my teaturs encourged me to read it ,becouse it is a good example of romantic novel. i have read it five times and ask you to read it.\n", 0], ["you'll turn the pages so fast your hand might catch fire. my dad would read these books to me and my sister before our bedtimes as kids, but we only got as far as the horse and his boy. 10 years later, i picked up the books again and was shocked to find that i completed the whole series in a matter of 7 days. the books are timeless and are perfect for child and adult alike.\n", 0], ["i was first attracted to this book by the cover art. it depicts a scene with an older man and a young boy looking around the rainforest with wisdom and awe. as it sub-title states, a tale of the amazon rain forest, i was not misled. this is a fiction book yet the information is accurate. it displays the plants and tribal life in a typical amazonian village.the illustrations were colorful, realistic and related to the text. on the inside front and back cover pages are drawings of amazonian plants. these drawings give the name of the plant and its medicinal use. as an adult, i found that interesting and, as a teacher, i was able to use these pages with my students to teach about rain forest plants.the story follows a young amazonian boy who when first introduced is lying sick in his hammock. after he is visited by the tribe's medicine man - the shaman - he recovers from his fever. the boy learns from the shaman, from visits from white missionaries, and from his own people. the story is interesting and does stay on point - the importance of protecting the healing plants of the earth.this book is appropriate for grades 1-4. many teaching activities can be found within the pages of this book. for example, matching the plants pictured in the front of the book to the plants illustrating the dialogue pages. younger children would like to find and identify the animals shown throughout this book.i would recommend this book to parents and teachers.thomas sandusky, author of gracie the glass tree frog\n", 0], ['this is the first book i have ever read by ken follett, and it does not leave me begging for more. seriously, this is one of the worst, most shallow, cheap-action-packed novels that i have ever read. the realness of this novel is ridiculous. it`s the same old american good guy/bad guy story all over again, and to me it is not that appeling. if this book ever made it to the movies ,then i`m sure that james bond would play the main character. i`m mean...who else could beat up five menn inside a helicopter while they are cuffed on both hands?\n', 0], ['i enjoyed this book. as a life-long resident of north dakota, i love getting an impartial analysis from outside the state on such a major event, and heartily enjoy the ball-busting this author gives the area. the simple fact is, people did look desperately for scapegoats in the form of the national weather service or the army corps of engineers or what have you, and i think the same story is likely repeated every year in similar disasters in this country. people do and think foolish things in times of calamity, and i wish more people in this area would own up to our own displays of idiocy.\n', 0], ['as an evangelical christian, one of the greatest ironies i found in this work was how such a poorly written book could be so well received. but as moreland himself points out we evangelical christians are so culturally insular and intellectually starved we have all but lost our critical thinking skills. all too often in evangelical circles, anyone merely claiming to have an adequate response to the challenge of the secular world is well received no matter how poorly that challenge is met. this attitude is exemplified by the consistently uncritical response moreland\'s work receives. indeed, moreland main distinction has not been the quality of his work so much as his ability to shamelessly self promote.standing as little more than an evangelical mein kampf, "love your god..." contains that unfortunate combination of the paranoid rantings and poor scholarship that make such a mockery of evangelical intellectualism in the first place. what is marketed as a work to enhance the intellectual life of the church reveals itself as little more than a succession of clich&eacute; arguments launched against stereotypical enemies - political liberals, theological liberals, evolutionists...you get the picture. we are instructed that we can destroy the arguments of these misguided fiends by strategically deploying the tools of argument and inference. moreland paints a picture of shallow two dimensional know nothing tree huggers and dogmatic scientists who are tottering on the edge of disaster just waiting for that one clever argument to fell their fragile reality. dr. moreland\'s fallacy is assuming that anyone disagreeing with him on matters of science or politics is misguided or ignorant and not christian - a dangerous if not foolish assumption. but we know this is a fallacy because these cartoonish caricatures represent the very straw man arguments moreland preaches against. the author is too prideful to consider oliver cromwell\'s admonition, "i beseech you in the bowels of christ, think it possible you may be mistaken". dr. moreland, "pride goest before destruction and a haughty spirit before a fall". in my experience many of moreland\'s foes are far better informed than he gives them credit for and more surprisingly, many of these same "wrong thinkers" are also christian. moreland is a man clearly frustrated that we are not making greater strides in a unilateral and misguided culture war where clever arguments are confused with intellectualism.the suggestion that by engaging non-believers in a war of words we can win them over rather than pushing them even further from the gospel is an idea that could only be loved by the most insecure of culture warriors. indeed, moreland\'s entire thesis rests on the notion that the best way to win someone over is to seek first to be understood rather than to understand - so much for st. francis.i would also gently correct dr. moreland on at least one point, the holocaust and stalinist purges were not the product liberal moral relativism so much as arrogant dogmatic thinking founded on historic christian anti semitism - remember martin luther? all too often moreland\'s unfounded assertions are more orwellian than christian.moreland\'s tendency to repeat whole paragraphs (similar to a man who loves the sound of his own voice), paint people as caricatures and promote like-mined "scholars" rather than challenging christians to read the works of those with whom we might disagree (intellectualism without free inquiry?) completes this dismal effort. "love your god..." is a work destined to cement in place the very anti-intellectual dogma that moreland claims to be tearing down. in short this work has nothing to do with intellectualism. if this work is to your liking then may i also suggest rush limbaugh. as christians, we must do better.\n', 0], ["i know it sounds cheesy, but this book is the best i have ever read! extremely embracing and attention-getting, the great gatsby, which was barely beaten out by ulysses on the top 100 novel list, should be #1 on everyone elses' list!!! a+\n", 0], ['if you really want to learn the old testament, this is the way to go. loved going through this book.\n', 0], ["oscar wilde is a man who is obsessed by appearances. in this particular novel, he follows from the moment dorian gray sells his soul to the devil named beauty and youth, pleasure and enjoyment, to his death and he describes how someone who looks perfect, perfectly young, intelligent, brilliant, beautiful, moral and healthy is in fact nothing but a monster decaying in all possible immoral actions, deeds and ways just under the surface. it is a very strong criticism of victorian society that considers appearances as more important than real ethics and morality. he exposes the hypocrisy of such a society where a whole class of people are nothing but perambulating pictures of perfection hiding the mire and mud of crime and evil. we can also feel another dilemma in this book. oscar wilde's own dilemma who has to keep up appearances, the appearances of a well behaved, well educated and perfectly integrated man in this aristocratic society of his, and who yet lives a passion and a whole basket of desires and impulses that are absolutely rejected as crimes by victorian society. we know he will not be able to hide this deeper nature forever. but the book shows that no one can evade one's being exposed and rejected, condemned and sentenced to some punishment forever. there always comes a moment when one will be exposed and rejected. this shows how deeply oscar wilde must have suffered in his life. the painting is nothing but a mirror of the deeper self of dorian gray, but a mirror who will become one day his accuser.dr jacques coulardeau, university of perpignan.\n", 0], ['as a general reference, this book is a handy tool for the beginner or intermediate user. a couple of glaring oversights and errors have made it impossible for me to recommend this volume as a fully reliable resource. for instance, the greek alphabet table is missing a letter, and one of the diagrams is incorrect. those are the only two errors i\'ve caught, and they are not major, but it renders the rest of the contents questionable, so that i feel the need to cross reference every entry. i still use the volume, but i don\'t entirely trust it. as the saying goes: "how can you be trusted in the big things if you can\'t be trusted with the small ones?" but the book can still serve as a convenient one-stop shop for very general inquiries. just be sure to verify the information before applying it.\n', 0], ['i really enjoyed this books\' insights into the life of a working mom. i was stressed and exhausted while reading; it felt that real. the internal dialogue going on in this book is excellent and honest! personally, i don\'t know how anyone could live a life like the one portrayed here.i was loving the book until the very end. i was irritated by the rushed, movie-like, big bang (which really wasn\'t that much of a bang!) ending. the author tries to close all the loose ends in the story lines, which i think is ridiculous. what starts out as a thought-provoking look at the life(s) a working mom has, ends up being a lukewarm re-hash of sticking it to someone. i fully admire the choice that kate makes in the end; but i didn\'t need the final "closure" that the author tries to make. it felt weak and contrived and left me disappointed. what mom, stay-at-home or working, has neat and tidy, closed ends anyway?four stars because the first 80% of the book is a fantastic portrayal of the inner-workings of an over-scheduled woman with no time for her kids, her husband or herself!\n', 0], ["that's what this book helps you to do...it's hard to seperate responsibility when emotions are running high. sometimes it just helps to know that someone else has been where you are and lived to tell about it!\n", 0], ["this is my second brad meltzer book and i still don't get it. just like &quot;the 10th justice&quot;, what could have been a good thriller was once again ruined by pubescent dialog among the main characters. take out the violence and these two books would be on every ninth-grader's summer reading list.how appropriate for the denouement to take place in the magical world of mickey and pluto.\n", 0], ['this is very inspiring. a must read daily along with the associated scriptures. it will build your faith.\n', 0], ["before reading this book the benign racist occlusions present in childhood favorites was just not a concern.afterward, it was apparent that the opinions expressed in supposed innocent children's books lead towards prejudicial attitudes in the traditions these books perpetuate. ie.babar,the elephant(colonialism; afican elephant civilized in the custodial care of the french caregiver in the wake of the murder of his mother by the &quot;hunter&quot; in which he in turn civilizes his jungle kingdom and has a rival that is bestial and favors egyptian (read;arab,coptic)culture. this book identifies prevaling opinions and attitudes about afro/african culture through the eyes of traditional opinions of non-blacks which lead to a disrespect of contributions made by non-whites unintentionally by well meaning people of all groups.\n", 0], ['depressing, obsessive, tormenting and heartwrenching. the reader is torn between either loving heathcliff or hating him. wuthering heights is a very melodramatic read and it leaves you aching and unfulfilled in the end.\n', 0], ['the book arrived in excellent shape and very quickly as stated in the order summary.the ethics of beauchamp and childress(1994) are key to my dissertation research. thanks\n', 1], ['very informative, last review must have been written by an x employee, great book!\n', 0], ['it is january, the first snow storms of the year are falling, and alex mcknight, former police officer, is in love; and the object of his affection is the mysterious natalie reynaud, a canadian police officer. alex and natalie met after he was present at the death of her partner, and it is soon obvious that natalie has a lot of emotional baggage and a past that includes sexual abuse from her late stepfather, and a mother who let it happen. when they finally agree to spend their first weekend together an elderly man leaves a hat full of snow outside their bedroom door with a note inside saying "i know who you are." the man is found dead the next day - frozen in the snow. the connection between the old man and natalie\'s past is slowly revealed as the story builds up to it\'s nail-biting climax. blizzards, white-outs, and freezing cold set the atmospheric thriller as the story hurtles to its conclusion leaving bloody bodies in its wake.steve hamilton has written another great story - even though it is the fifth alex mcknight mystery - this book can be easily read as a stand alone. joined once again by his friend vinnie le blanc, the two men join forces when natalie goes missing. natalie\'s character is very slowly revealed as her past is opened up to us and by the time she goes missing amidst all the violent occurrences and revelations she has become so real that you are on the edge of your seat trying to figure out if she will be safe and who the threat is. steve hamilton has not let his fans down.\n', 0], ['this book, more than any other shook the foundation of my perspective on animal suffering and enlightened me to the suffering we all cause to non-human animals every day. singer shows the reader what harm is being done and that doing no harm is not simply a matter of continuing the comfortable pattern of thoughts and behaviors that are the majority in human societies.singer\'s rational and utilitarian approach is the perfect antidote to both irrational and reactionary arguments against the validation of this suffering and also the stereotype of vegans and those in favor of animal rights as overly sentimental animal lovers. his writing is precise, his examples measured and his arguments never pedantic or repetitive.singer takes utilitarian ethical theory to its conclusions in thought and practice. he defines his premises well and then proceeds logically and unswervingly to all ramifications of these premises. while many have attacked the radical ethical ideas singer puts forth far fewer have anything more substantial than intuitive resistance to his stance. animal abolitionists also criticize this book saying that it and singer do not go far enough. while there may be disagreements about the goals of working towards ending the suffering of animals there can be no doubt that "animal liberation" has been incredibly influential in raising the consciousness of the importance of these goals.\n', 0], ['wonderfully writen! very interesting and an important subject!\n', 0], ["churchman's book the systems approach should be required reading for the human race. a better approach to everything. how many words is that?\n", 0], ['great book!! it discusses ethical concerns within the medical institution and challenges with working with diverse populations and cultural practices.\n', 0], ["i don't really have much to add to what everyone else has already said here, but this is a book that is worth coming back to every once in a while. (i still giggle every time i think of the scenes with major major.)\n", 0], ["not only did this film lead to a good movie, but it is easy to see how it spawned other great films: american history x (which follows largely the same narrative pattern) and stand by me seem to be cousins of this book.the author here does one of the best jobs of tailoring the protagonist's inner voice specifically to the character. indeed, for the whole process, the author seems deep in the mind of ponyboy, not just pretending to be a junior high greaser, but actually living as one for the duration of the book.in terms of payoff for reading effort, it is hard to do better than this book, which is less than 200 pages.\n", 0], ['this book was introduced to me in jr. high school back in 1977 and it was the first and only book that i completely identified with.....and it still holds true to this day. the story and characters were and still are so powerful that i named my son after the character &quot;dallas&quot;. i am glad it is still being read in schools today. i know most kids identify with it and can learn something about themselves through it.taking this further into the music industry, i recommend listening to early bruce springsteen, who himself was a greaser. his songs are tiny books that reflects the spirit of &quot;the outsiders&quot;\n', 0], ['has a variety of explorer activities to keep students working on the idea of past explorers. i like having these activities, but have to find the resources for each explorer listed myself. would have been great to have a page about each explorer for students to use a s a resource.\n', 0], ["at times you just want to throw this book across the room. the author seems to enjoy pompishly regailing in his superior british edification at the readers expense. the reader wants to shout out, mr lowry! we knowbut if this book is to be read properly, i feel it should be with a hookah and possibly some good turkish tea on the nightstand, and some understanding of it for its surrel aspect. it could be described as slow, tortuous dream-like sequence of a descent into hell, where events and characters grow increasingly into tortured souls without hope. consider the scene in the first chapter of the 'indian' killed in a traffic accident. we feel no sense of emotion, he could be a piece of dicarded grapefruit. we never really get a clear picture of any of the characters, they seem more like disembodied representations of spirits or demons and the surrondings are as surreal as in a horror movie. the mood is somber and the characters are constantly awaiting the arrival of some distant unkowable horror. the coincident horrors that were just beginning in europe around the same time novel was written makes the novel prophetic premonition seen through the haze and safety of a distant back swamp. seen this way, as a kind of deranged poe-like vision brought on by a boozey delerium and tropical fevers, what otherwise might be dismissed as a set of rambling references to obscure literature in poorly written gibberish, the whole novel becomes much more palatable.\n", 0], ['before purchasing this book, it is important to realize what exactly it is that you are purchasing. this book, "the man who shaped europe," is a reactionary book. as mr. dupont noted in a previous review, the book is hardly objective. however, that should not be a surprise, as ben weider was renowned as an avowed admirer of the emperor. nevertheless, the facts of the book are not in question; only its judgment of the person is questionable, depending on one\'s own subjective viewpoint. let me re-emphasize that crucial point: the factuality of the book is not in question. it is a thorough examination of many developments made during napoleon\'s life as a result of his actions, and in truth, no real historian can argue that napoleon did not shape modern europe. the book is not a biography on the man, nor does it examine all of his effects. the author\'s blatant positive bias is in effect meant to combat the equally blatant bias that is found in the majority of other books on the subject, except in the negative. the purpose of the book, as the title implies, is explicitly to observe the positive developments he is responsible for, and at that the book does a terrific job and presents the information in a fascinating and easy-to-follow manner.the only real objection that i have is one that i have with several other of weider\'s books: the lack of a bibliography. the only consolation to be had is the private knowledge of his qualifications and quality of his research, having known him while he was alive, but it the absence of the bibliography is still a grievance i hold.the book is a great review of the effect of napoleon on europe, but if you\'re looking for a biography of the man or a work devoid of bias of any sort, this is not for you. know what you want, and purchase accordingly. nevertheless, the book is well-written and factually accurate, making it a useful addition to any enthusiast\'s library.\n', 0], ["after reading this book i find it only is 1/2 right, the real problem is we have free will and there is a devil as well as a god. the book never address's our free will or the devil!\n", 0], ["i bought this book a few months ago, shortly after it was published, mostly because i was obsessed with apolo. i was a bit disappointed with the author's interpretation of apolo's life and events. he made apolo's life sound too much like a story, and i didn't really like the kind of informal language he used. plus, i could tell that the author didn't really get to know apolo personally. there wasn't really anything in the book about apolo that i didn't know. someone could have very easily gotten all of the information from the internet, newspapers, and magazines.there are some great pictures in there, though. but overall, i wouldn't really recommend the book for die-hard apolo fans (fans who know pretty much every thing about him that has been released to the public), because it's mostly redundant. the book is more well-suited to younger fans, around elementary or middle school age, since the language used by the author can be annoying to older, better educated fans (in high school, college, or beyond).\n", 0], ["this practical and didactic book lives up to its title with photos and descriptions of every pose presented in the traditional ashtanga order of practice. although the images on the front might suggest that this book is only for those at an advanced level yoga practice, the modifications of key poses and the abbreviated sequences included make this book accessible for anyone, from beginner to aspiring yogi, who wants to practice ashtanga yoga. the spiral binding that allows the book to lay flat during one's practice is especially nice, as are the suggested 30 and 45 min practices for those of us who are a bit crunched for time.\n", 0], ['somehow, the book never arrived. but when informed, the company immediately refunded the purchase price. their while the book was not received, the refund without hassle was appreciated.\n', 1], ["i always love grisham's bokks, and this one was just as good as his others. the suspense of say &quot;the firm' and others is not here but the story kept me involved. i read the book in 2 sittings and was satisfied with the ending. it may me want to go and volunteer at a soup kitchen.\n", 0], ["i'm currently using this textbook for my intro to philosophy class (i've never taken a philosophy class before, though i'm no stranger to philosophy itself). while schick and vaughn do a good job with initially presenting the essential topics discussed in the book and make the fundamentals of philosophy very clear and accessible, their efforts are mired by their own bias; the chapters on the core questions of philosophy don't really seem to aim to promote critical thinking in students new to philosophy so much as they try to form opinions for their readers.in a more advanced course, i could see this as being a boon, a way of challenging students to delve even deeper. however, for an introductory course, it only gets in the way. students new to a subject need as much objectivity in their learning materials as possible, and doing philosophy doesn't provide this adequately. from what i know of the authors, i suspsect this was largely due to schick's influence; most of the text's bias seems to lean heavily in the direction of his stated viewpoints.it's a pity, too, as the textbook would be wonderful were it not for that flaw. of all the subjects one might teach or write educational material for, philosophy is probably the one most difficult to stay objective and unbiased in. doing philosophy clearly illustrates this.\n", 0], ['this is one of the few books in my elite "bounce" category -- it bounced off the wall when i finished it. i am aware of all the praise that has been heaped upon this book. this is one of the times at which i must find myself unable to really even comprehend the reasoning (if any) that goes on in the minds of those who have handed out the awards._lord of the flies_ is, we are told, a novel about human beings and their nature. it\'s a shame we see so few human beings in the book. golding seems to see savagery as the natural and instinctive state of humanity, a position that\'s logically untenable (if this was the "natural" way, exactly how did we acquire civilization at all, let alone keep it long enough to develop the printing press necessary to spread such [negativity]?)ignoring the stated literary intent, the book is on the surface the story of shipwrecked children trying to survive, a la robinson crusoe and mysterious island. however, in this aspect it also fails miserably, with characters not even covering the gamut of behavior one would suspect from children (at least some would have tried making a boat, one would think; while the exact time lord of the flies takes place is indeterminate, kon-tiki had sailed from peru to polynesia in 1947, something the character piggy, at least, would probably have known), and with one of the most important parts of a survival story -- the survival science -- being gotten dismally wrong. this is most notable in having the nearsighted piggy\'s glasses be used to start a fire, and it\'s one of the least excusable; even if golding himself wasn\'t nearsighted, one would think he\'d have one or two acquaintances whose glasses he could borrow for a second to test the idea.admittedly, golding has an excellent grasp of the language and uses it well. the book is well-written in a technical sense. yet it fails utterly on both its major levels, failing to convince me of its major thesis on human behavior, and wrecking the suspension of disbelief in its overt plotline.i was personally quite aware of the potential savage nature of young people -- i was one of the bullied types -- yet the level of cynicism necessary to accept lord of the flies\' ideas never came to me. i think golding misses an essential streak of optimism that exists in young people, a willingness to try things and a dedication to survive that explains the fact that we\'re still a civilized species instead of a scattered group of savages barely above the flint-chipping level.\n', 0], ["i just bought the blackboard jungle and i am a few pages from finished. i am currently a secondary ed-english ed undergrad and i find this book to be very good from an education perspective. from a literary perspective it is well written, but a little too much repetition at times. the foreshadowing keeps repeating itself. however, i believe this book is a must read for any and all educators, or anyone interested in the field. i know some people do not think this novel is prevalent to today. it is. look at kozol's savage iniequalities, there are still problems in inner city schools. this novel helped pave a road toward reform, but we need to use this novel to continue that road. we need to all work together to make the yellow brick road to success! anyway, now that i am done ranting. :) i especially enjoyed the chapter where hunter described the various types of teachers (slumberer, fumblerer, rumblerer, etc.). i believe that we can use this novel not only as a form of leaisure reading, but a form of intellectual growth and a beginning for how to reform education today!\n", 0], ["it would appear that some reviewers vehmently loath dr. spock yet they quite blatantly have missed the very key point of everything he said. throughout the book he stresses numerous times the importance of following your instincts and that he is only suggesting methods for certain situations and he states quite clearly that it is of the utmost importance to realize that every child is different and parents are human and therefore you should not apply his methods, or any other &quot;experts&quot; methods to all cases without using your own judgements. the core of everything dr. spock said was love your children and enjoy the experience of being a parent. he gives confidence to first time parents and a great deal of helpful advice on every aspect of baby and child care. one can get a great deal out of dr. spock's work, but only if they are patient, thorough readers with a certain amount of common sense.\n", 0], ['i hate to give it a lower rating, it really is quite good and informative, but to be honest and fair it is quite dry. how can it not be?\n', 0], ['i have been reading quite a bit on value investing and one of the issues i\'ve had from the beginning is figuring out how to calculate things like margin of safety and growth rates. it just seemed that many of the books i had read kind of got into it but the explanations did not seem concrete enough to repeat outside the examples.i read through rule #1 and what seemed like such an arduous task became simpler. it was not on the first reading, but by going back and reading through the one chapter showing the step by step process doug and susan use to evaluate the cheesecake factory and referencing prior chapters helped me gain a much better understanding.what helps even more is to actually put numbers to work using excel. to make this even easier to do i am using an excel add-in called \'smf tools\' that is free which i found in yahoo! groups. using smf tools you are able to grab stock and financial data directly from websites such as msn money and yahoo! finance. i was able to put together a worksheet that pulls the necessary info from these sites to do the rule #1 calculations. automation is a very nice thing :-dwhile its great to know how well the rule #1 calculations are for a company, it is also worth noting that phil town also highly recommends that due diligence is done on a company to help create a solid fact based decision before taking a dive into investing your hard earned dollars in a stock.another aspect that i am still working on is a better understanding on using "the three tools" used to help know when it might be best to finally invest (or divest) in a stock.this is an excellent read and i highly recommend it along with several other books on value investing like how buffett does it, value investing from graham to buffett and beyond and the warren buffett way among others. i think those in combination with this book lay the groundwork to you becoming a much better, educated investor. lastly, don\'t forget about reading those annual reports either!\n', 0], ['this book has helped me so much. every day i am calmer!!! there is peace inside me! i am grateful!\n', 0], ["let me first say that this book was given to me as a marvelously thoughtful gift after i put my cat to sleep. the giver, knowing how much i like reading about scott, franklin and shackleton, discovered this marvelous little book about a cat on shackleton's famous south expedition. it was amazingly thoughtful, except the giver had no idea what happened on the south expedition.now, i must confess to dunderheadedness in reading this book the minute i received it. i knew what happened. still, thanks to alexander's marvelous writing i so fell in love with the indomitable spirit of mrs. chippy that i fully expected alexander would fudge the story a bit and take mrs. chippy along. mrs. chippy meets her fate with grace and dignity -- as peacefully as my beloved cat. it's not horrible, not maudlin, but very emotional.this is definitely a better book to give to an expedition enthusiast and cat lover whose cat is still living. even then, the reader is bound to shed a tear or two. the reader who has just put their beloved cat to sleep is going to cry her heart out.\n", 0], ["after spending an interesting night at wuthering heights in the company of a group of people that seem an abnormally miserable, vile bunch, mr. lockwood, the new tenant of thrushcross grange, asks his housekeeper to divulge their history. she does this gladly, and so we get the tragic story of heathcliff and catherine.i often find the classics to be tedious and boring. wuthering heights is neither and i found that to be a nice surprise. from the beginning, the book oozes drama and it stays that way until the very end. for some reason, i've been under the impression that this is a love story. i guess in a dark, twisted way it is, but it focuses more on cruelty and revenge. none of the characters are very likeable. as a matter of fact, a majority of them are quite appalling. instead of this making me dislike the book, i think it made me like it more. strange, i know, but it did. wuthering heights kept me captivated and has earned it's spot as one of my favorite classics.\n", 0], ["wuthering heights has been reviewed ad infinitum, but i wanted to say that this is one of the most beautiful books i own.i was looking for a series of classics that i could purchase in hardcover to spruce up my personal library. i stumbled upon these special editions from penguin classics, with covers designed by coralie bickford-smith. i love books, but these books still make me giddy with delight when i pick them up. the covers have so much character and they're sturdy. the fonts are classic and easy to read, and the paper is substantial. the ribbon bookmarks, that match the cover, are a really nice touch. the only bad thing i can say, and it's so minor, is that the binding is a little stiff when the book is new. it loosens as you read.there are more titles available, though some are still exclusive to the uk. i truly hope amazon and penguin make all editions available in the us and keep them coming!\n", 0], ['this was the book i was looking for but i received a really old version that is about to fall apart\n', 0], ['a book that has a happy end, and lets you dream of long flowing dresses and dashing gentelmen!\n', 0], ["for social studies, i was to choose a book about the holocaust to read and do a project on. i didn't really want to read the cage because it sounded dumb. but because i was forced to read it, i did and i became very interested. i loved the book. it was very inspiring and i hope to purchase it for myself because i would love to read it again. it even made me cry! so sad; so good.\n", 0], ['this has been very helpful. have not been dateless since...\n', 0], ['such a fun book that takes your little one on a journey to learn their abc\'s. we have all 2 "alphabet" books and they are read daily. if you don\'t have them all yet - they are a must. your child will thank you.\n', 0], ["truelove &amp; homegrown tomatoes is a story of faith, hope and appreciation. the novel centers around imo lavender who has recently lost her beloved husband silas to cancer. now in her 60's, with two girls to care for, imo struggles to find the strength to go on with life without her husband.one thing that imo has always loved is her garden, where she grows the sweetest, best tasting tomatoes-something you can't buy in a grocery store. as imo tries to pick up the pieces of her life, she finds her garden to be a great source of comfort and inspiration in her life.imo's journey at this turning point in her life is a touching story and is a cute, easy read. i would have liked to seen it get a bit more in depth with the characters, but all in all, it was a satisfying and likable read.\n", 0], ["i'm not a big fan of detective series because they tend to become robotic in plot and characterization, but the ross macdonald/lew archer series is an exception. crisp language, tight plots, and geat dialog make for a gripping story.a sad sidenote. don't rent/watch the insipid paul newman/joanne woodward movie 'loosely' based on the book. instead of la they set it in new orleans and they basically rearranged all the characters into pale versions of their literary counterparts. just thought i'd let you know.\n", 0], ['the terminal man is very detailed, with lots of medical jargon. near the end, the book gets very suspenseful... great book (but not as great as sphere).\n', 0], ['this was a big waste of time no a great read just the same boring stuff i weould not read this book again.\n', 0], ['identifiable darkness is what best describes the tone of the bell jar, by sylvia plath. opening this book there is an expectation of simplicity but knowing sylvia plath\'s history one knows it can\'t only be that. the book follows a seemingly average girl through the twists and turns of her life through good and luck filled times and on to scary and dark times.as one delves into the story line expectations are quickly contradicted as the main character, esther, begins to wallow in deep depression and her life begins to change dramatically once she visits a psychiatrist. plath hooks the reader by making esther so easy to identify with, almost making the reader feel as if there is something wrong with them like there is with esther. her thoughts are not abnormal, they are thoughts that everyone thinks about but the extent to which esther dramatizes these thoughts sends her deeper and deeper into her own world of confusion and the unknown.different characters enter and leave esther\'s life throughout the novel and they each affect her in different ways but they all are instigators in her loss of touch with reality. buddy willard, a boy who esther has dated and who likes her very much, seems to be a key player in her initial downfall. she had always looked up to him but her sudden thoughts of no longer being attracted to him confuse her and anger her and he eventually fades out of her life, as all the others have before him and will after him. there is not one character who stays constant in esther\'s life, not even her mother and plath uses this situational device to further exemplify esther\'s aloneness in the world and her ongoing journey down the road of depression.plath uses symbolism, and the power of narration by the main character to bring out the complexities going on in esther\'s life and mind. an example of the symbolism is the fig tree that esther talks about as representing her unknown future. "one fig was a husband and a happy home and children, and another fig was a famous poet and another fig was a brilliant professor,...and beyond these figs were many more figs i couldn\'t quite make out"(plath 77). the symbolism amplifies esther\'s fear of the unknown and her confusion in what path to take out of the endless possibilities that lay ahead of her. "i saw myself sitting in the crotch of this fig tree, starving to death, just because i couldn\'t make up my mind which of the figs i would choose" (plath 77). this shows esther\'s fear of her future leading to her dark depression. the reader feels like they know esther better than anyone else in the world because they are living through her, through her dark, cynical, tone and uneasy state. this quality makes the book more intriguing and much harder to put down. though its not a suspense novel, one still wants to keep going from chapter to chapter to better understand what esther is going through and in hopes of seeing her lifted up from the hole she has dug herself.\n', 0], ['when i was sophomore in college, a classmate was a nice, articulate, bright, and beautiful young woman, whocommited a suicide few months later. i always wonderedwhat would drive a privileged young person, with suchbright prospects, to kill him/herself. ms. plath\'sbook finally gave me a startlingly and shockingly clearportrait of the gradual spiral of despair that culminatesin the ultimate act of self-destruction. such mentalillness strikes across all social, econmic, racial, andreligiouls boundaries, but rarely has any author beenso candid and courageous in chronicling his/her ownhumiliating and agonizing experiences. it\'s worth notingthat ms. plath died by suicide at the age of 31.i cannot give it five stars, which is reserved for thelikes of edith wharton\'s "age of innocence", but it\'sa gripping and harrowing must-read for anyone who everwondered about the experience of mental illness.\n', 0], ["after reading a few amanda quick books, i of course made a bee line to works written under her real name, jayne ann krentz. this was the first krentz book that i read, and it was so unlike her aq books that i was shocked.i agree with the previous reviewer who stated that the grant family had few, if any, redeemable qualities, unlike the aq families. i, too, found them selfish and cold-blooded, and the heroine was self-absorbed and unlikeable. in addition, the things this heroine said about knowing she and the hero were meant to be together, that they would be married--never mind what his wishes might be--made me shudder. i didn't see it as a female who knew what she wanted. imagine if the genders were reversed. in a man, such a degree of single-mindedness and inconsideration of a woman's wishes would have been warning signs that he was a few fries short of a happy meal. of course, that is exactly what makes a great villain in most books, but it's not the kind of quality i look for in a heroine of a romance.\n", 0], ["hello... in order to read this book, you don't have to be a cold war veteran, or a government employee. all you have to have is an open mind, and an ability to piece three plots together, and keep each one open. i have never read a book with as much detail as this book, but still as intense and dramatic as some of his other works. you may have read other reviews of this book, but all of them, including this one, do not do it justice. this book is totally unbelievable. this book can not be put down, and you don't want to. this book is better than must-see tv!!\n", 0], ["i'd been wanting to set up samba on my lan for quite a while, but i just couldn't find decent documentation on it. i even e-mailed o'reilly with the suggestion of making a samba book and was very happy to be told that one was on its way. this book not only covers samba and its configuration, but also explains it's protocol smb/cifs very well. i was able to breeze through the book in a short time and have samba up and running perfectly within a week. o'reilly lives up to it's reputation with this one.\n", 0], ['i have not yet started this book my mom is reading it first when she is done i will read it\n', 0], ["i enjoyed this quick tour through the life of buonaparte but thought that the number of names and name places within short proximity and also that of annoying italicized nomenclature scattered on every page was suited for a fellow historian but not a lover of literature. because this book seeks to encompass all of napoleonic history (including in part, military technology, european industry, politics, etc.)inside relatively few pages, the ride jolts quite a bit. there is not a great deal of smooth transition. i believe the author intended that those who would read his work begin at a mutual level of common knowledge about the subject matter.on a positive note, it is a good introduction at a critical assessment of napolean. it is from at least my limited point of view on the subject, still a grand story. but despite the historical method and criticism, however erudite, there still remains a charm and mystery and one appreciates the extraordinary force of napolean's personality and his enduring legend all the more. so in the end, it seems almost impossible to write a bad version of an incredible tale. but i suggest starting another place if you are into polished literature. if a beginner historian--a perfect place.\n", 0], ['this great graphic novel is a must-buy for all comic collectorsand spidey fans!!\n', 0], ['the title speaks for itself nothing is impossible. christopher reeve is just the person that can prove this point. after a tragic accident he became paralyzed. this book talks about how he has dealt with his new life and how he helps others with the same disability he has.chris wrote this book to make people aware of paralysis. he wanted the public to understand what it was and for people to want to find a cure. as you read this, stem cell research (something that could help save people who have been paralyzed) is a big controversy. should it be legalized? should it be illegal? bush gave scientists a few stem cells to work with to try and help progress the technology of stem cell research. but scientists needs more, and that is a point chris tries to get across.superman. we all know him as the hero who fights for "truth, justice and the american way." many of us may know christopher reeve who once played superman on screen. in the first chapter of this book we are introduced to chris and the decisions he had to make when he became paralyzed. when he was first paralyzed he considered suicide was the way to go. he didn\'t want to be a burden for the ones he loves. he thought the only way he could make it easier on the people he lived with, and on himself, was suicide. however, his wife convinced him otherwise. his kids are one of the reasons his wife asked him to think twice. how would their life be with no father? would anyone want to go through life with no dad? probably not. chris realized this and it made him think that being there for his kids would be better then not being there.as he adapted to being paralyzed, his kids did too. he helped them get through things when they were having trouble. his son matthew was going through some stressful times during his first year in college, so chris decided to invite him to come back home and spend a weekend there. he told matt they were going to see a rangers game but the real thing he wanted to do was talk. he was there for matt when he needed someone to talk to which is very important in a someone\'s life. chris was always there for his kids whether they wanted him to be or not. often it is tough for people to deal with it when someone they know is hurt badly. if someone you knew and loved was paralyzed it would be not only a burden on them but you as well because you would have to help them through their lives. everyone in chris\'s life deals with his accident; well they are all willing to help and none of them make him feel bad about what happened to him.in my opinion this book was great. it made me think about many things in life. one of them being how lucky i am to not be paralyzed. everyday that i realize this, i\'m grateful for people like christopher reeve who are paralyzed and who deal with it and try to help others. so someday if this happens to me or someone i know there will be better technology that can help them through it. chris also makes some really good points about life and why people shouldn\'t take it for granted. his words truly inspired me to think about life itself and the fact that `nothing is impossible\'. no book is flawless, and this book can\'t break that rule. i believe almost every aspect of this book is good. the one thing i don\'t like about it however is that since he is a celebrity he gets better treatment then everyone else who is paralyzed he can do things that people who aren\'t famous can\'t do, and that isn\'t how it should be.if someone is looking for an inspiring book, or a book that really shows you how lucky we all are, then this is a great book for you. if you find reading about other people boring and dull, this is still a great book. i don\'t like reading, and i don\'t like autobiographies but i like this book and recommend it to anyone who is willing to give some time to read it.\n', 0], ['nobody, outside of tennessee willliams, does the evil "big daddy" better than sandra brown. if you like southern fiction you will love white hot.\n', 0], ["a book that you just don't want to put down. keeps you interested all the way to the end. excellent reading.\n", 0], ['this is the firm that learns. from its origins as a two person broker of ious in 1862 to its position today as the world\'s dominant player in trading, risk management and arbitrage, goldman sachs has managed the unthinkable in the world of finance: attaining mind-bending levels of profit growth over a century and a half while maintaining a mythical mystique based on a corporate culture of integrity, intelligence, and humility. it\'s an improbable feat at best. but after all probability is goldman\'s business--measuring it, defying it, and reading into it things that others can\'t.so what is the secret? how is it that one firm can attract the most brilliant minds in finance, force them into a quasi-military commitment of time and mental energy, and organize that brainpower into a unified profit machine? many have conjectured, more have envied, but noone on the outside can provide any more than idle opinion.luckily for the readers of "goldman sachs: a culture of excellence", they have in author lisa endlich a docent of matchless qualifications. a former vp in foreign exchange at the firm, she provides an insider\'s view that\'s not a tell all. she\'s writes well, in a style that honors the goldman ethos--thorough, absorbing, and critical in the academic sense. while examining the birth and development of each of goldman\'s divisions starting with commercial paper, she offers up a rich education in the operations of i-banking and trading for anyone inclined to read in detail.and for the rest of us, there\'s still plenty. endlich starts from the premise that goldman sachs is all about its people, and she stays consistent throughout. from its inception as a family firm run by marcus goldman and his son-in-law sam sachs, through its early years as banker to the robber barons, the long reign of the weinberg family, its reinvention as a trading power and the tenure of master trader gus levy and uber banker john whitehead, and on into the nineties and the ascendancy of rubin, friedman, paulson, corzine, and blankfein, endlich provides nuanced and sympathetic portraits of brilliant, complex men whose leadership skills are surpassed only by an ability to place personal ego second to the needs of the team.and that, endlich suggests, is the big secret. that\'s what makes goldman so exclusive. the firm absorbs those with superior intelligence who subsume personal need to propel the greater glory of the collective. it\'s a major irony in one of the prime movers of capitalistic society, but its borne out empirically by the story endlich tells.throughout its history goldman has demonstrated time and again an insatiable institutional desire to win, and to accomplish that by embracing change. goldman created the commercial paper market, and went on to become a pioneer in investment banking, risk arbitrage, and trading. all along goldman, the whole organism, developed an intuitive feel for risk and a collaborative approach to deal making that helped it emerge on top time and again. and since its decision to go public, the action that endlich builds her book around, its business model has only refined and improved.there may be those in the know who believe that the ascendancy of hedge funds and the powerful private equity barons has rendered goldman\'s model obsolete. there are others who take issue with aspects of the firm\'s trading philosophy. only time will tell whether the naysayers views on the subject have merit. but goldman has left armies of detractors in the dust for decades now. bet against it at your own peril.\n', 0], ["&quot;a man ablaze.&quot;there is no other way to describe leonard ravenhill. and as the man is, so are his writings. if you can read this book and not be driven to your knees, even as you rend your clothing, then buddy you're dead already!a condensation of &quot;why revival tarries&quot; into a few words would yield the truth that it's man's fault alone. you see, god wants to pour out revival, to set all of us ablaze with the fire of his spirit, but we are so oblivious to the truth that our hearts are totally turned away from him that we cannot begin to acquire what he is so richly wanting to shower us with.it starts with repentence - and not your mamby-pamby, watered-down 21st century style repentence, but the kind that tears a man or woman down to the soul, only to allow god to rebuild and reshape. ravenhill argues that this is not something that happens overnight. if the church wants revival, it's going to come with a cost. he proceeds to layout a compelling vision of that cost and the crucibles needed to hold what god will pour out.no christian library is complete without the works of leonard ravenhill, and the best place to start is with &quot;why revival tarries&quot;. get it today and be prepared for the glory that will come.\n", 0], ['the some chapters, or rather articles, are much more interesting than others, in my point of view. the more interesting ones are so because they are easily understood by general readers like myself. the rest are those articles that seem to address exclusively the academic class and their particular professional concerns. in both cases dawson writes beautifully and incisively. and most uncanny of all, he had a knack for accurate predicting of future cultural scenarios that affect the west today, which can only be attributed to his massive knowledge of history and understanding of historical developments. seldom does one find somebody endowed with both massive knowledge and talent to communicate it.speaking of the process of secularization of the west in 1942: "there is no longer any need for nationalism or class feeling or economic motives to disguise themselves in the dress of religion, for they have become the conscious and dominant forces in social life. the ideologies which today form the opposite poles of social tension are not religious, but political, national, and economic ones, which have cut across, and largely obliterated the older socio-religious divisions which separated catholic and protestant europe". in the same article dawson, with all the dark notes pointed out about our state of affairs in the west, he never seems to lose faith or even to transmit pessimism, even though his message\'s implications are dark indeed, his tone comes calm and hopeful through all his pages: "...unity by forcing christians together, as it were, in spite of themselves." this simple sentence is a lesson on how to say a lot in just a few words; and the implications are at the same time tragic and hopeful. and how true they\'ve become! just look at the shape of the west, especially europe, since 2001, look into the muslim macho dictatorships all over the world...look at this: "the three main substitutes for religion in the modern age, democracy, socialism, and nationalism ... still arouse a genuinely religious emotion. it is religious emotion divorced from religious belief." it is reading dawson and seeing europe\'s malaise at the same time. the muslim woman-beaters are at the doors of europe and what do we do? leave it to the u.n.; we really deserve that muslims come and take over (but i hope not).an irrefutable message to all hedonists around: "it is the fundamental error of the modern hedonist to believe that man can abandon moral effort and throw off every repression and spiritual discipline and yet preserve all the achievements of culture. it is the lesson of history that the higher the achievement of a culture the greater is the moral effort and the stricter is the social discipline that it demands." if you think the above statement is wrong because you still hang on to greece as the evidence of a cultured society where pedophiles and sodomites thrive, think twice: "this aversion to marriage and the deliberate restriction of the family by the practice of infanticide and abortion was undoubtedly the main cause of the decline of greece, as polybius pointed out in the second century b.c."dawson sees the whole picture of world history, but never sounds like he is lecturing. he rather sounds like a friendly couch conversationalist. dawson cannot be easily labeled and done away with, not then, and not even now. he would not fit the strict political categorizations of today, in the sense of being a liberal or a conservative. his vision of the world and world history is honest, calm, and catholic. like myself, you may have political differences with dawson as a result of your own preferences, but his analysis of history strictly speaking, is impeccable. past and present are so connected in his analyses that you seem both seem to be one, and if you stop to think, that\'s just how history should be taught: as a unifying frame, not as a sequence of independent events taking place in time.family plays a big role in dawson\'s view of history. if you\'d rather call government your dad and mum, i got news for you, i ain\'t your bro or couz. "... the breaking down of the old structure of society and the loss of the traditional moral standards without creating anything which can take their place. as in the decline of the ancient world, the family is steadily losing its form and its social significance, and the state absorbs more and more of the life of its members ... the state educates the children and takes the responsibility for their maintenance and health. consequently, the father no longer holds a vital position in the family." weirdly so, i would say, we are looking more and more like the muslim families, only with the father and mother roles changed. an exaggeration, but one gets the idea.\n', 0], ["dave guerra's superperformance stresses organizations must consider both process and culture-too much of either creates dissonance. the right balance-the sweet spot-which teeters on the edge of chaos allows the power of the individual and the culture to ignite. this causes individuals to feel empowered. one aspect that resonates throughout the text is the low cost of superpeformance; individuals innately need to feel appreciated and will freely perform at an increased rate when they genuinely feel valued. the key is to tap into the organization's humanity and embrace the cultural side while maintaining a keen eye on process. dave is a very articulate writer who clearly and succinctly describes complex ideas. the most powerful aspect of his book is that the reader begins to ask questions and has no choice but to think-a testament to the power and potential which lies within superperformance. this is a must read for those interested in human performance technology and anyone desiring to build their business aptitude and knowledge base.\n", 0], ['harry bosch for president! what a great character! and i disagree with michael connelly about who best to play harry in the upcoming sure-to-be-blockbuster movie. i say dean norris, from breaking bad, would be perfect. anyway, this book &#8211; indeed, any of the books about harry bosch or mickey haller, are outstanding reads. you will never go wrong.\n', 0], ['martin eden follows the rise and fall of a young sailor who by sheer force of will educates himself and succeeds in becoming a famous writer (this is london\'s autobiographical novel, published in 1909, when he was thirty-three and the most popular living writer in the world). few readers liked it then, they found it dark and depressing after a certain point; they wanted the entertainment they were used to from london (&quot;come on, jack, give us another story with dogs and snow in it!&quot;). not as many read it now as should, and london himself disdained the fact that it inspired many young writers without talent to follow martin eden\'s example. but it is also a valuable story about a young man maturing in his conception of love as regards the opposite sex:"ambition soared on mad wings, and he saw himself climbing the heights with her, pleasuring in beautiful and noble things with her. it was a soul-possession he dreamed, refined beyond any grossness, a free comradeship of spirit that he could not put into definite thought." -- the youth becomes a man.london\'s prose is straightforward and vibrant, much like the author at his best. martin eden falls victim to the vicissitudes of his fame and fortune, much like the author at his worst (too much hard living is often given as the reason for london\'s death at forty). london spends a lot of time in this book criticizing american materialism in the way that materialism ought to be criticized. he also displays a certain kind of american work ethic (five hours of sleep a night, perseverance through failure, etc.) that sometimes doesn\'t know what to do with itself once it achieves success. we should all have that problem--just hope that we deal with it better than young martin eden does. a very worthwhile read.\n', 0], ["heart of the sea focuses on the final gallagher sibling, darcy gallagher, a beautiful woman who knows what she wants. i enjoyed this book very much because of the way roberts portrayed the heroine, as a strong, ambitious woman who goes after what she wants but is still sensitive and not overbearing. her portrayal of trevor magee is on the spot as well, painting a picture of a cosmopolitan, urbane, but still down to his roots man. the two of them believe that they're only having a strings-free relationship, but carrick the faerie prince and their own emotions soon twist things around. it's great to see these two sophisticated, fiercely independent people fall hopelessly in love with each other, especially with nora roberts at the helm.\n", 0], ['like the bosch books and his portraill of flawed police, his love affairs. his books are an easy read on the kindle\n', 0], ["lewis always has amazing books that are strange yet satisfying to read. there was nothing spectacular about this specific edition of the book it's exactly what i paid for. nothing more, nothing less.\n", 0], ["3.5 stars.it's hard not to like any bujold, and this book kept me reading, but didn't keep me up all night (if you catch what i mean). it's a fascinating world, and i enjoyed the story, but i didn't quite fall in love.\n", 0], ["read this recently and am wasting no time in recommending muller's vividly drawn debut to those of you who're looking for something a little different, a little complicated, and a lotterrific.those of a certain age may remember the good old days of boxing, when the gillette friday night fights were all the rage. when cigar voiced announcers called each fight as though their very lives depended on the outcome. when the sound of the bell drew you into the living room and kept you there, glued to your seat, until the last punch was thrown.well, doesn't matter if you do or don't.because eddie muller has brought this fascinating world back to life.his debut novel is set in 1948 san francisco, when the fight business was still important business.he brings to life billy nichols,sportswriter for a major metropolitan newspaper. a guy with a pencil thin mustache, a fedora, and an attitude. known in the trade as mr. boxing, nichols has spent years building up his following and now at the pinnacle of his game, has a hell of lot to lose. but billy's not just a hack, he is a very complicated fellow. in fact, he spends most of the book flailing away at a guilty conscience brought on by a bruisingly stupid act which takes place early in the book.bruisingly stupid and yet so understandably human, this act propels billy into an out of control spin. deception upon deception becomes an uncomfortable way of life.how this guy still manages to keep his humanity, his honor and his life is a remarkable tale. i'm not spilling any secrets when i reveal that much, since this book, i understand,is the first in a series.muller's writing is so evocative, so vivid, that he pulls you instantly into billy's garish world. the raucous boxing arena, the sweaty gym, the smoke filled bars and steamy bedrooms of this era before air conditioning, are there before you, thrillingly alive.dames with copper hair and blood red lips people this place.ham fisted cops with irish faces, lumbering boxers with short tempers and hearts of gold, sleazy cigar faced managers, crooked politicos and hard hearted wives all live here. murder, adultery, blackmail, doublecross upon doublecross weave in and out of this web which has ensnared billy nichols.muller has brought the film noir cult movies of the late forties and early fifties vividly back to life in this book.i was captivated.the distance reads like one of those dark, deep shadowed, sharply photographed b/w movies of that time. movies which always seemed to take place at night and usually starred john garfield and ida lupino or robert taylor and anne sheridan or veronica lake and alan ladd or.......well, you get the picture.this is one of the best debuts i've ever read.i can't wait to see where muller takes billy next.and, by the way, i don't even like boxing.so, that's how much muller impressed me.this is one ripe, juicy plum of a book.\n", 0], ["i've read this book twice which the indonesian copy of it and it was great. once, i gave this book to my friend whom never like reading a novel, and you know what happened .... he finished it only in two days. what a book !\n", 0], ["this has been one of my favorite books through the years. i have often 'dug it out' to show friends that i am not making this stuff up.this is a delightful tome that gives in-dept details of the rise and fall of some of our past unusual `performers and artists'. this is an account of some of the most fascinating and compelling novelty shows in show business history.the writing is first rate and the author's enthusiasm for this arena is clear on each page. the reader is guaranteed to not have to suffer a single boring page. moreover, the book is laid out in a easily grouped way that makes the journey of this book even more enjoyable.if you have a curious or eccentric relative or friend, this would make a perfect gift. i would suggest you hurry as the price of this book continues to rise. i saw one for sale at $349! and while i don't recommend this to anyone, the color plates in the middle section would make great art for your home once they are matted and framed. simply beautiful and unique.i hope you find my opinion helpful.michael l. gooch, sphrauthor of wingtips with spurs\n", 0], ['i am disappointed that there seem to be so many folks who are unable or unwilling to delve beneath the successful and &quot;super&quot; surface of a character. what a rich find the last precinct is. we are finally given the chance to see that the very successful hero of many books is a real live human being with doubts and qualms and overpowering fears. at the same time the dr. is so knowledgable about so many subjects, she is woefully naive about such things as how the relationship of kay and anna can be used and abused and twisted by a legal system. this character is real and breathing and dealing with devastating loss and trauma. yet she is able to begin considering the next step in her life and career. the last precinct gives me hope that we normal folks can get it together too. i eagerly look forward to where we go next. the last precinct left us with leads into at least a dozen new stories. go for it! an unanswered question that continues to puzzle: why did mrs. white feel it necessary to tell dr. scarpetta that she and her son had changed their names when she married again. i kept looking for that to be tied up neatly.\n', 0], ["if you have never read an oscar wilde book, read this one. it is easy to read, entertaining and throughly enjoyable. the language doesn't trip you up. i have enjoyed reading it.\n", 0], ["wilde's literary genious is evident throughout. it is written in a very cinematic style - quite visual and rich in detail. drinched in symbolism and societal insights, you feel as though you are a painting yourself watching the story unfold - - - you can almost smell the musty english drapes, see the grandiose rooms with chairs so thick with dust that a poof rises gently in the air when you sit upon them. thought provoking and grim. masterful\n", 0], ["wow, my gut wretched at the stench of the medical tent in the slums of india. i could feel the warm, moist south florida air early in the morning. i could smell and almost taste the exotic scents and flavors from around the world as this facinating(and promising) new author treated my senses and emotions to many thrills. feeling the pain of a fathers' duty and final escape from it. sharing the fear of a son that he had been made in the same image and needed to rescue the father, only to find his own salvation. insightful to say the least. this book has intelligence, insight and intrige (the three &quot;i's&quot; of successful short story writing).the characters were a grand collection of individuals who focused their lives around order and science, yet experienced (or yearned to experience) great adventure, love and emotion.brav-o i say to john. and brav-o to valerie, whomever she is!\n", 0], ["marine! the life of chesty puller is one of the best books i've read of marine corps history. chesty played a major part of that history and this book tells it like no other. you'll read it over and over again\n", 0], ["there was linton sucking on his candy as a weak teenager with confused alliances. it is moments of surreal force like these that make people love or hate wuthering heights.with so many reviews, i'll add a little. this is fiction to the extreme so warning reading w.h is like stepping into a giant colorful painting with abstract and realistic elements.heathcliff (contrary to popular belief) is not the star of the show. every character is allowed to bloom to the extreme and make you wonder if they lived to the full.even with five stars over this review...i have an issue with the book it was and is still unsettling. in fact almost everyone except the two narrators...a tenant at the grange and the housekeeper ellen dean...have either horrid language and seemingly do not care about their lives or anyone else's or they have other huge irksome problems.also...the free kindle ed. does not include translations of phrases or any special introductions or additional information.\n", 0], ["actually, i think this book is well written, but i think it does not have that personality that agatha christie used to write in her books. i think that it is very well written, as i did write, but it is not christie's at her best. it is a pity.\n", 0], ["i am cery happy with my strong's concordanc. i was also very joyfully surprised with the cd rom in the back cover of the book. i have used that more than the book itself!\n", 0], ['i think i did an excelent purchase. so, i would invite to everybody to visit amazon, it has an amaizing service\n', 0], ["but i have always liked the spin offs. i like that i can read one short story and have it completely solved by the time i am finished with the chapter. it's both fun and intriguing at the same time.\n", 0], ['this book has it all: 20 distinct voices, a sea-faring adventure, hilarious awful characters, innocent beauty and a plot that veers into the most delightful and unexpected places. i love love this book by matthew kneale. what a stunning accomplishment!\n', 0], ['i am new to investing, but after reading this book i did lots of paper trading, and did quite well. from $....... i made $......... in 3 days. the book is very well written and explains the basics of technical analysis in a way that really opened my eyes to how to make money in the stock market. everyone at work was asking me questions about it and wanting to know what to do to get started. well worth the $.....\n', 0], ['klutz books have a tendancy to be extremely annoying with their smart-alecky style of writing and annoying photographs. while this one follows through on that, it actually is one of the most mature books they have written. instructions for all the hairstyles that people have been wanting to do, but have no idea how to do it (such as french braids) are clearly included as if you are doing your own hair, not somebody doing yours, which is also helpful. some of the styles may be outdated, but a lot of them can still be worn to this day. recommended if you want clear instructions on how to acheive the look you want.\n', 0], ['i have loved the stories of mole and rat, toad and badger since i was a kid. i recently read the origional book for the first time, having had tapes as a kid, and there was a whole chapter that i guess they had chosen to leave out of the audio taped version i had. this chapter was so soaked in pantheism and the beauty and power of nature...i loved it and it took my breath away. reading the book was well worth it just for this chapter. and all the adventures are still very entertaining!\n', 0], ["one complaint i have about virginia henley's novels is that her characters follow traditional male/female ideals too closely. for example, diana, the heroine, is described as intellectual, yet the main focus of the book is sex.there are a few parts of the book which are not worth reading, such as the beginning before diana travels back in time to 1st century brittainia. i found henley's description of roman life to be intriguing, mixing historical details with her fictional characters imperceptibly.i would not recommend this book for someone looking for a moving love story....but if you're in the mood for hot, bawdy sex...this book is for you!\n", 0], ["i love dickens! he points out what's wrong w the world in glaring humor and lets you fall in love w good souls like nicholas, kate and the cherubles.bless him!\n", 0], ["i love the way he writes. this is a quick read and still makes you think. i'd love to read a more detailed version about gatsby.\n", 0], ["i just dont get all the praise heaped on this book. there are some good passages, but in the end it left me sorely disappointed. compared to garcia marquez or proust just doesn't have a way with words. and shallow characters are given better treatment in hemingway's the sun also rises.\n", 0], ["this book will give you a sense of the catalan spirit and personality. the author's professional interest in art focuses the book more heavily in that direction, but it is not overladen with details. it will give you a sense of the atmospherics of barcelona and some insight into who the catalans are. robert hughes doesn't just travel to barcelona; for at least 30 years it has been his second home and he has important friendships there. he has effectively adopted the city, and this book tells us why. i enjoyed the book; i learned more about catalunya and the spirit of its people without being overburdened by too much historical detail. the author has a dry sense of humor that some might interpret as veering into arrogance; at this point he is a semi-cantankerous old man. but his joy in revealing his love for his adopted city is apparent.\n", 0], ['1993 i read this book page for page, word for word biblically. it is new age cult snake oil.orange papers verbatim:\\\\orange papers verbatim:the a.a. god:the a.a. god is the generic brand that comes in a plain white box at the supermarket.the a.a. god has a lot of will. he has a will for everything and everybody, and everybody is supposed to do something to please god. apparently, the a.a. god did not succeed in making the world the way that he wanted it to be, so both he and his followers have to be constantly changing things, trying to get it right.the a.a. god is an authoritarian male figure who closely resembles an old-testament patriarch, like charlton heston playing moses.the a.a. god is a dictator.the a.a. god wants you to be a slave forever.the a.a. god loves you the most when you are grovelling on your knees, confessing what a worthless sinner you are. only then will the a.a. god do favors for you.the a.a. god is highly illogical, if not outright insane. first, the a.a. god will stick you with the genes for alcoholism and make you a born alcoholic, then he will wish you weren\'t an alcoholic and an excessive drinker. go figure.the a.a. god has a grand plan for you: first, incurable alcoholism, and then, more incurable alcoholism.the a.a. god is so harsh that he will condemn you to a horrible painful death by alcohol unless you properly perform your sycophant duties every day. the a.a. god routinely kills alcoholics who don\'t work the steps thoroughly.when the a.a. god heals alcoholics, he only fixes them for one day at a time. for some unknown reason, god\'s magic wears off after 24 hours.the a.a. god micromanages the world. he is constantly tweaking everything, pulling millions and billions of puppet strings to make things happen differently, to make things turn out exactly the way he wants, and to convenience some of his followers.the a.a. god cheats at solitaire.one problem that any christian will have with alcoholics anonymous is the organization\'s abandoning of the bible. the big book, alcoholics anonymous, is their new bible. some members claim to still use the bible; i sometimes hear a bit of lip service to the bible like, "keep the big book next to the good book," but you won\'t see a bible at a meeting, and you won\'t hear it quoted. everybody is carrying the big book, and all readings come from it, or from a similar book of daily meditations, also written by bill wilson and other members of a.a..in fact, reading aloud from the bible at alcoholics anonymous meetings is usually forbidden. the bible is considered "outside literature". reading aloud at meetings from anything but a.a. "council approved" (and a.a.-published) literature is forbidden.in addition, a.a. has essentially abandoned jesus christ. the a.a. faithful believe that bill wilson is superior to jesus christ when it comes to dealing with alcoholism, and you will hear bill wilson quoted a hundred times more often than jesus christ. (as a matter of fact, i can\'t really remember the last time i heard jesus christ quoted in an a.a. or n.a. meeting...)the third edition of the a.a. big book does not contain the word "jesus" anywhere, not even once. bill wilson raved constantly about "god", but didn\'t talk about jesus christ at all. there is one and only one mention of "christ" in the entire book, and it is bill wilson\'s statement that before his hallucinatory experience on belladonna, his so-called "spiritual experience," he didn\'t have much use for christ:with ministers, and the world\'s religions, i parted right there. when they talked of a god personal to me, who was love, superhuman strength and direction, i became irritated and my mind snapped shut against such a theory. to christ i conceded the certainty of a great man, not too closely followed by those who claimed him. his moral teaching -- most excellent. for myself, i had adopted those parts which seemed convenient and not too difficult; the rest i disregarded.the big book, 3rd edition, william g. wilson, chapter 1, bill\'s story, pages 10-11.apparently, bill continued to disregard a lot of that stuff even after he "saw the light," or saw "the god of the preachers", because bill never mentioned jesus or christ again, not anywhere in the big book, not ever.the first edition of the big book contained one story, "my wife and i," that contained a line mentioning jesus christ:here were these men who visited me and they, like myself, had tried everything else and although it was plain to be seen none of them were perfect, they were living proof that the sincere attempt to follow the cardinal teaching of jesus christ was keeping them sober.that story was dropped from the second, third, and fourth editions.the word "god" appears in the first 164 pages of the big book (which william g. wilson either wrote, co-authored, or edited) 106 times,the word "power", as in "higher power" or "that power, which is god" appears 22 times,the divine "him" appears 26 times,and the divine "his" is used 15 times,but there is no mention of "jesus christ", not one single mention.alcoholics anonymous is not a christian religion, no matter what some members like to say. it is a religion all right, in spite of the denials of the members who claim that it is only a "spiritual program." alcoholics anonymous is a buchmanite religion. alcoholics anonymous is just frank buchman\'s crazy "oxford group / moral re-armament" religion, only slightly edited by william g. wilson and dr. robert h. smith.basically, alcoholics anonymous believes in and practices the teachings of dr. frank nathan daniel buchman, another man who had little use for jesus christ, because he preferred his own beliefs and teachings to those of jesus. bill wilson did not invent the theology of a.a. -- he merely copied it from frank buchman.in spite of that fact that bill wilson tried to hide the strong connections between frank buchman and a.a., buchman\'s oxford group got three mentions in the third edition of the big book, while christ got only one. (the first two mentions of the oxford group are in the forward to the second edition, and the third is on page 218 of the third edition, in the story "he thought he could drink like a gentleman".)for that matter, when you consider the fact that jesus\' first miracle was changing water into wine at a wedding party, there might be a real problem with jesus being a member of alcoholics anonymous... (john 2:1 to 2:11.)i am reminded of a contemporary critic of frank buchman\'s oxford group, pastor h. a. ironside, who criticized buchmanism by saying that it was not a christian religion, in spite of buchman\'s claims that it was, because everything in buchmanism would still be possible even if jesus christ had never been born. the same thing is true of alcoholics anonymous. a.a. would not have to change one word of the official church dogma even if jesus christ had never been born. the sacred twelve steps of bill wilson do not mention jesus christ, and do not require jesus christ in order to work, and the twelve steps don\'t even require jesus christ to have ever existed.neither are the twelve steps based on any of the teachings of jesus christ. (they are based on the teachings of dr. frank buchman.)alcoholics anonymous simply has no need for, and no use for, jesus christ. a.a. worships bill wilson and doctor bob, not jesus christ.\n', 0], ['truly practical advice and guidelines -- thank god! this book will take you from scratch or meet you where you are, and show you how to frame your thinking so you can communicate clearly with others and make real progress.\n', 0], ["i bought this book before i purchased my rice cooker. i really wanted to prepare beans and whole grains, not just rice. i learned that i could use this appliance in many ways. it made me so excited to purchase a rice cooker. all questions are answered. you can use this book to prepare many healthful foods in the basic on off rice cooker. there are only a few recipes that require the fuzzy logic rice cooker. i don't think i have ever had a cookbook that was so well written and entertaining to read, or easy to follow.\n", 0], ['jane austin has been one of the best reads i have had the pleasure of reading, was easy to put myself into the time and place of this wonderful book\n', 0], ['i just purchased this book, "the everything spanish verb book" for my kindle, along with "practice makes perfect spanish verb tenses". whereas the second book has a searchable table of contents, allowing me to go directly to the subject i am interested in, "the everything spanish verb book" has no table of contents, which means that no matter how good the contents are, the only option for a reader on a kindle is to go through the book page by page, with no idea what is coming next and no way to look anything up. this is fine for a novel but not for a textbook.while it may be a very good book in print, this will not be easy to use on a kindle.a suggestion to amazon would be to indicate on their kindle books whether a book is searchable or not because text and educational books need them.\n', 0], ["i cannot describe this book other than to tell you it is &quot;hot.&quot; it is a must read for book clubs, because it is set around a book club, it is like reading double and it is extraordinary in its own rights. sydney molare has captured a style of writing that is not duplicated by any known writer today. this is a page turner and will keep you interested. the book club members are 4 women who differ in alot of ways but have the love of reading on their sides, while at this club meeting, they are introduced to a novel by an unknown author and the pages to the story get hot. you will find yourself siding with the club members and hollering at them when they interrupt the story. the club members reveal alot of revelations while discussing this manuscript. while contemplating on the members you are intrigued and mesmerized by chance and analisa. i don't want to give away any pivotal points in this book, so trust me on this...you want to read it. i look forward to reading more by: sydney molare and hope that we will get more of analisa and chance and also the club members cause they all have a story to tell.\n", 0], ["this book has no color plates, so i'd suggest that would-be foragers get a good pictorial herbal (a number of which anyone who forages should have anyway, as a matter of course) to go with this information-packed advanced-foraging book. this book is worth every cent!\n", 0], ['i am very sorry that deana james (mona sizer) is no longer writing fiction as far as i can tell. hot december, one of her earlier novels, is one of my favorites. the heroine in this book could teach the majority of romance heroines a thing or two about strength, determination and guts.if you are looking for a strong, competent heroine who is not afraid to stand up to the men who surround her-- whose sinister "protection" theatens the farm in texas cotton growing country she, her mother and sister inherited from her murdered father-- grab this book.yeah, it\'s a real soap opera but an entertaining one. the book opens with her father\'s mysterious death that catapults the heroine, back from her job crunching numbers in houston for her father\'s funeral, into the role of farmer of the family acres. her determination to run the farm, instead of relying on her father\'s old friends to do it for her, leads to ominous threats. her father\'s farm manager who is supposed to be farming the acres elopes with her younger, more feminine, dimmer sister on an extended honeymoon to mexico just at the time when the land had to be prepared for planting. none of the other available farmers in the area are willing to help her because of the dark cabal that stands against her.she ends up turning to another outsider in the area, an immigrant from eastern europe whose own father had been cheated and betrayed by the same forces that face the heroine. she makes a desperate bargain with him to save her farm.but if you are expecting the same old desperate bargain then you will be disappointed. the heroine in this book is determined to work beside him and learn all she needs to know to be a sucessful cotton farmer. there\'s the taste of dirt blowing in the wind, pesticides, and ice cold beer. there\'s sudden violence, racism and stupid decisions made by smart women. in the end a truly machiavellian plot is revealed but the demand is for hard work and dedication to the land.\n', 0], ['as shakespeare once observed, "what is past is prologue"--and certainly this holds true for margaret atwood\'s haunting novel. containing passages that are harrowing in their stark, matter-of-fact delivery, "the handmaid\'s tale" is an almost overwhelming book which calls to mind the oppression suffered by afghanistan women under the taliban regime. a book of fierce power.\n', 0], ['excellent truthful information from an insider. it took a lot of courage to put this in print. more of these type books would be helpful to expose "seemingly" good religious organizations.\n', 0], ["i found this book about the author and her husband's conversion to mormonism and the teachings of mormonism very interesting. the book was a quick and interesting read.the author starts the book about her and her husband's initial exposure to mormonism and the wonderful mormon people they met and how that lead to them becoming baptized as mormons. it was interesting to note how quickly a few questions they asked of their friends about their faith led so quickly into the couple being pushed into baptism before they were truly ready and understood the commitment.i think a very interesting lesson from the book is how only some of the beliefs were presented, with most of the mormon teachings held back secretly and not presented until after they had left their previous lives and friends and had been mormons for quite a while. it poses the question as to why... why were the full beliefs of the lds church withheld until after this couple had isolated themselves from their old friends and family, their main support system.for those who are writing nasty comments about the book, it is disturbing to me that the full beliefs of the lds church were not presented to this couple until after they had been in the mormon following for quite a significant period of time. i believe that is one of the main points the author is trying to make.if they had been told everything, all of the mormon beliefs at the beginning, would the couple have made the conversion...i doubt it. i am not a mormon basher....i believe in the free choice to follow the religion of your choosing, but i do believe after reading this story that the beliefs of the church should have been openly presented at the start. since they were not, it leads to the question as to why this organization or any organization would expect people to make a commitment with so much vital information being withheld. its a bait and switch tactic that is disturbing.for those who have not read the book, i recommend it. its an interesting fast paced read. it is more than just a book about a couple who converted to mormonism and then left, it is a lesson about being careful not to just fall into a making a significant life decision without a thorough amount of careful thought and prayer.\n", 0], ["an interesting book if only to show how easy it is to be caught up in something that later proves to be unsuitable for your needs. it is a severe criticism of the mormon religion, but from one family's point of view, but the discussion about mormon practices was interesting.\n", 0], ["elizabeth strout comes back better than ever with this wonderfully written story. a family subsumed by grief, confined by societal norms, is able to, in their own way, overcome obstacles and begin to find the true meaning of love. unfortunately, the ending didn't quite live up to the rest of the book, but still well worth a read!\n", 0], ['this book was very informative on every official, meaning no dead aim or survivor crap, resident evil game made before resident evil 4 with descriptive biographies on the all the characters, enemies, and events. it has every weapon and item from every game for reference as well as details on key organizations and places like umbrella or racoon city. it also lists the all the games and the years they came out, and a little bit of a real life explanation of what a biohazard is and the dangers of it. this book does have its flaws, you can obviously tell it was translated from a japanese version, as there are frequent spelling errors, including a few goofs in certain items being in the wrong section when another should have been included, and a few poorly structured sentences. if you are a big fan, you can forgive these as this book has everything from tyrants, to story plot, to even every diary you find in every game. i think this book needs to be upgraded to include resident evil 4, both umbrella chronicles, and resident evil 5, since many new enemies, characters, and places/organizations can be added, as well as updating nearly a dozen of the previoius characters. hopefully if the company ever thinks of upgrading it, they can do a better job at catching the errors, as well as providing more complete information as many of the characters for age and height had ??? listed, which made me wonder why they even bothered having it listed.\n', 0], ["fifty cents, at a thrift store, and i finished it in less than a day. that shows how i easily get sucked into these sappy romance novels.okay, charlotte lost her virginity in an anonymous encounter on the side of the road thirteen years ago, on her way to get proposed to. and her, and the man, joe, always remember.now, thirteen years later, she is a widow with two kids. he's a dea agent going into hiding because some drug lord guy has a price on his head. and they end up being nextdoor neighbors.intriguing? i thought so. if you are a fan of these sappy romances, then go for it. but if you get offended at the slightest mention of sex then i would advise you stay away from this book because there's a whole lot of it in it.\n", 0], ["i read this book recently and it is one of the best horror novels i ever read.the horror situations in this book are as simple as they are scary.remember that scene when duane is walking to the town and the rendering truck passes him on the road? suddenly truck turns itself around and tries to run him over. that is the greatest horror scene ever!it happens during broad daylight,while the sun is shining and birds singing.that's what horror should be:writer must bring death and fear into the most sacred things of everyday life: your basement, your house and your living room.castles and dark, stormy nights are naive and stupid!simmons understands that.beside this, book is never boring. something is constantly going on.unfortunately, as the end comes near, book becomes more and more naive(i mean people, zombies are walking around town, people dissapear and die, but nobody notices that except of the bunch of kids?)but still it's a great book. p.s. did you notice how simply is the mood in the novel created? no stephen king's loooooooooooong descriptions but the mood is still there!\n", 0], ['once again, bernard cornwell delivers. his handling of the historic material is responsible, yet invigorating in his capacity to recreate the feeling of the day. i greatly appreciate the attention cornwell pays to maintaining the events that have been reported in his sources. he blends them in to create a seemless tale that moves through history, leaving us with real characters that relate to the reader today.\n', 0], ["this is a good book but it is written for architects. i'm a mechanical engineer. also, it basically has only one project that you progress through from beginning to end of book. i took a que from a previous reviewer and checked out &quot;shrockpublishing.com&quot; and their books worked better for me. (exercise workbook for beg. autocad) easy to follow, 30 separate lessons, includes many exercises and for all disciplines not just architecture. plus i emailed the author with questions and she answered me.\n", 0], ['first off, this macaulay culkin book cover is absolute bollocks! encyclopedia brown is most certainly an african american, from when he was first penned until now. if "wikipedia" brown, if you will, is supposed to be so damn smart, why in the hell can he not write the letter n properly? he must have seen a capital n at least eighty nine, if not ninety thousand times considering his free time was often occupied in illegal congress with ms. britannica. thirdly, the meany gang, i meanie come on! bugs certainly would have learned a few lessons from being busted the first few times. in fact if this series were to ever make any sort of strides toward coherence the meany gang should by now be outwitting this toddler. the story is very straightforward, albeit a little (a lot) improbable. i will commend the novel for it terseness; however at times this writing style limited the author in accomplishing what he set upon to create. in conclusion, and with solemn regret, i must concur, in respectful anguish and of sound mind, upon a most grave finding: encyclopedia brown is not a novel to approach with expectations of a deep read. if you are trying to read the entire sobol catalogue do not miss this one, but if you are only trying to become familiar with the author to look smart with the english major crowd, i\'d recommend going straight to "secret agents four". you\'ll never drink milk again!!!. that latter title may even be a choice read for those in security studies. the level of intelligence in the writing is akin to that with which they are familiar.\n', 0], ['the tale is very enchanting, with much detail about a culture not many know of. however, with all that build up, the end was too fast, too little too late. i felt the end needs significant overhaul.\n', 0], ["i absolutely loved this book. the characters were so interesting and the story was just as compelling. i had no idea how the book would end and was totally surprised. my mother read it and recommended i read it - i've now told anyone i can think of to read it. all descriptions were realistic, beautiful, and easy to imagine.\n", 0], ["this book, despite its many flaws (above all the less-than-fair descriptions of japanese male characters), is a good attempt to shed light on the often mysterious and misunderstood world of geisha.geisha is a form of art and an eloquent expression of culture - not a high-class call girl service many westerners' wishful thinking has led them to believe.the author quite capably describes sayuri's life as an artist and an embodiment of amazing tradition.\n", 0], ['beautifully written. i feel like i was right there. historic, erotic, enticing.\n', 0], ['burroway\'s book "writing fiction" is a useful tool for the beginning writer. inside, examples, exercises and questions for discussion abound. with so many tools, tricks and try-its, one hardly needs the narrative burroway provides between stories.any writer knows (and if not, they soon learn) that good writing comes only one way: by simply doing it. supplement this dedication with a strong practice of good reading (good fiction, good nonfiction, good whatever) and the writer has the only "magic bullet" in the business. writing is work -- like any other job.burroway\'s book is a valuable resource for any aspiring writer, though more for the examples provided throughout and the exercises at the ends of each chapter than for any particular piece of advice she offers.\n', 0], ["ruby holler by sharon creech is a great book about two orphans who live with the trepids.a mean couple who will put you in the basement if you be bad.when a old couple come to adopt them so they can go on seprate trips.while they're with the couple they learn that adults aren't just putrid.ruby holler is a great book about a high tail adventure with two kids,a old couple,a man,and a mean couple.\n", 0], ['this book is the story of tim hazard, a composer growing up in reno, nv. the bulk of the book centers around his adolescence. the book is set in the 20s and 30s but it feels extraordinarily contemporary - almost as if you could feel that nothing has really changed since then. more than just a character development of tim hazard, it is a story of growing up a misfit, square-pegging it, and living to tell about it.there is no better book in existence (highly humble opinion)\n', 0], ['i can honestly say that this book changed the way i look at people and at the world. while i initially found this book a fairly difficult read, what i uncovered was worth an journey. true not only to the nature of the world, but to the nature of humans as well. beyond comparison.\n', 0], ["i've been wanting to get this for my husband for awhile. he is a big carlos hathcock fan. he wish he could have met him. his dream was and is to be a sniper. anyone that loves real stories about people in the military would love this book.\n", 0], ["this has to be my favourite dickens novel. in fact, i would go so far as to place it alongside flaubert's &quot;sentimental education&quot; and dostoevsky's &quot;brothers karamazov&quot; as one of the great novels of the 19th century. i am astonished by the number of one and two star reviews even though they do appear to come mainly from high school students being &quot;forced&quot; to read the novel for english class. judging by the spelling mistakes and grammatical errors which proliferate these submissions, dickens is not the only thing that they've had trouble staying awake for. in addition, it is ridiculous to suggest that dickens's novels were so lengthy because he was &quot;being paid by the word.&quot; his books initially appeared in serial form as books were very expensive in the victorian era and he understandably wished to avoid precluding large sections of his target readership from being able to sample them. the fact that some current &quot;readers&quot; find this novel &quot;too long and boring&quot; is, i believe, a sad reflection on our media saturated society where a two-second attention span is rapidly becoming the norm.\n", 0], ["compared to other dickens' books i have read, this one is the most bizarre and strange story, and it took a little bit of adjustment to get into it. but it didn't take long to lose myself in the magical, grand drama by this literary wizard. as usual, this book has rich background materials, the marshes, deprivation, violence, mysterious and dark past, turns and twists, surprises and over the top coincidences, vengence and forgiveness...the first person perspective by the protagonist is candid and often humorous as well as insightful about the conflict and frustration of an underprevileged person with aspirations in the society where status of a person is not very mobile. the title is fantastic, great expectations! how great, and how ominous! indeed!\n", 0], ["what an incredible, easy and very accurate method! i followed the simple and easy diagrams and information that was in the book and not only did i find everything in my own hand accurately shown by the lines and marks, but i have now read tons of other peoples hands and they are amazed and surprised how accurately i have described them, their past, present and what lies ahead and so much more! i recommend anyone who is interested in this to definately check out this book....you won't be sorry! my son has learned it as well and he enjoys using this skill as well!\n", 0], ["i found this in my local library and loved it. now i'm trying to get a copy and i hope this works. i you find nature/biology at all interesting, this is the book for you. if durrell wasn't my favorite author anyways this would make him my favorite for sure.\n", 0], ['author of the classical "the road less travelled", scott peck is a most interesting writer. in his afore mentioned book, he focused on love; in this one, he focuses on evil. human "evil" is most often considered with no serious background or consideration, but peck proposes in this work a very serious use of the term. in short, he proposes "evil" as a very strict psychopathological feature, alongside with the likes of schizophrenia and depression.the book divides itself in 7 chapters. it covers a wide span of occasions where evil is at work; from peck\'s own patients to the atrocities of the vietnam war and cases of possessions and their exorcisms. while this may sound dramatic, it isn\'t so at all.anyone with an interest in the human mind and how it functions will find a lot in this amazing work. moreover, if you had the opportunity to have suffered the company of an evil one, you may find some real solace in here, if only because something without a name is always more frightening than something named. this is what peck does here; he gives something a name so that we can fight it more efficiently. defining evil as a case of dysfunctional mental health is part of the goal in "the people of the lie", and peck does it well. it gives much thought about the issue, and it\'s a riveting read. i loved his previous book, and i love this one equally. i highly recommend it.\n', 0], ["if the craft of writing appeals to you, this is a gem. there is only one word out of place (one pronoun with an ambiguous antecedent). the story is told from multiple points of view and includes a variety of sad and sordid relationships but ends with a vision of love nearly unequaled in literature.one overarching theme is the relationship between love and control. as we know today, control is often manfested in anger but also in eating disorders. yes, two of the main characters would be called anorexic today. emily bronte herself probably died of anorexia--her coffin was less than 20 inches wide.this is romantic in the traditional sense: wuthering heights emphasizes emotion. and when emotional people are thwarted, they turn angry. add love, jealousy, class conflict, sibling rivalry, supernatural dreams, and the wild moors of yorkshire, you've got a gothic novel that has been often imitated but seldom duplicated.because of the multiple narrators, there is one warning. many of the episodes are told more than once from different points of view. in each case, though, the perspectives are so different that you might not even realize at first that you are reading about the same event.if you want to read a fascinating story and want a sense of how a great story should be told, read wuthering heights.\n", 0], ["this is the fourth book of jp's i've read this summer...okay, i was late to join his fan club and have a lot of catching up to do.having read so many of his books in such a short span of time i can tell you what draws me to want to read the rest of what he's written.1) he's the master of suspense. he knows how to construct a plot that keeps you turning the pages.2) he creates characters you really care about. you find yourself cheering for them, whether it's alex cross or one of his &quot;one-off&quot; characters in his stand alone novels.3) he's very kind to other authors and is constantly plugging other books he likes within his own novels.....i find this very generous.4) he seems like a really nice guy.....last night i finished &quot;cradle and all&quot; and was impressed by his sympathy for others. he's the kind of guy you wish there were more of in the world....especially single guys! (yes, i know he's married.) but he's the type you'd love to invite to a dinner party, he comes off as smart, entertaining, and compassionate towards those around him.5) and finally, he writes really fun, fast-paced novels. they are an absolute pleasure to read!bottom line.....i recommend all of his books!\n", 0], ['was not based on a survival aspect as much as a preparationaspect, but was still good anyway.\n', 0], ["based on the 19 reviews in amazon i bought the book. the reviews are on target, even the comments about the paucity of maps which i found to be only a minor issue for me. spector's writing style is a big factor in enjoying this book. so, if you want a good overview of the pacific war, this book is a very good choice.\n", 0], ["charlotte'web is a ramarkable story about a pig,spider,and a girl.a little girl named fern saves a baby pig from getting killed so as a award she gets to keep the pig and she named it wilbur. as days go by wilbur gets older so her parents say that she has to give it to mr.zuckerman her uncle.fern went to visit wilbur everyday.wilbur makes a naew friend a few days but he is going to get eaten. charlotte(friend) has a plan!\n", 0], ["this book is a total waste of money. for anyone who has any back trouble, this is just a repeat of exercises you can find on the internet, or that your doctor, chiropractor or physical therapist has already given to you. don't waste your money on this book!!\n", 0], ['an awesome book where mr. lewis shares his brilliant option on affection, friendship, erotic love and charity. a must read!\n', 0], ["the characters in good morning gorillas were jack and annie. there friend was bubu. he was a nice little gorilla, and he was playing in the trees in the dark. the gorillas broke off a piece of bark and nibbled it like a candy bar. annie ran into somethings that felt like a ball of spider webs and mud. then bubu's arms and legs felt stiff. he waited for the big gorilla to find him and take him to places.\n", 0], ["dont let the title fool you. the case is not solved. but a new light has been shone into it.in this book patricia cornwell does a brave thing: to try to solve a cold case from over a hundred years ago using modern criminal profiling and lessons learned from her work in forensics. i was so sure it would have its share of detractors and naysayers but that's what it takes to bring out such an audacious enterprise. the best this book does is add a very big, fat, likely suspect into the lineup.from what we know of modern serial killers with forensics character profiling, jack the ripper was very smart, definitely had a huge chip on his shoulder, enjoyed the killing and planned for them (which means he is remorseless), flamboyant, extremely narcissistic and was never caught.i really loved how ms. cornwell gets into detail about the letters. i love too the fact that the letters have been judged a hoax over a hundred years ago with the same sharp astute judgment that failed to solve the case. if the enterprise was a disastrous failure with scotland yard as prototype of the keystone cops why would the fact that the letters be judged as hoaxes pull any weight now? it was judged by people who were experts of the 1880's which in today's world means zip.yes i believe that artists can be ambidextrous, disguise their penmanship and write 'in-character' because i am such a person (it helps too if one is multi-lingual).i appreciate how ms. cornwell starts from scratch and looks for the narcissistic killer's urge to be involved, to mislead and be 'admired' by writing such letters. this part of her investigation impressed me the most.the dna part i wasn't too optimistic would yield anything.it must have been quite a rush to the senses in those days to be covered by the press on that level.in every killing he became bolder to heighten the sensual enjoyment. jack the ripper was following the template of the modern serial killer except he was ahead of his time. ms. cornwell travels the mind of the killer from accounts of his childhood to the dark sexual frustrations of a man with a huge grudge on women and prostitution. she uses the familiar map for serial killers that keep the facade of their normal lives to walk down the dark alleys of his psyche.all-in-all the book was good read. it's a very brave thesis to present but definitely offers more than the other theories. we've heard them all: the royal surgeon, the freemasons, prince albert victor, kosminsky the butcher and every other wild theory. most of them are theories too but they rest on nothing the more seasoned serial-killer enthusiasts can believe.i invite everyone to read it but not to think the the case is solved as the titles says. in conclusion i wonder how this nutcase-painter-suspect slipped through the net.\n", 0], ["what an almost complete waste of time! i say &quot;almost&quot; because i try to always find something good in everything. there was some interesting research about the history of policing in england and tidbits about paper manufacturing and handwriting analysis. however, if ms. cornwell had chosen to write this book as historic fiction and used one of her own characters as the investigator on the case then she might have been able to create something entertaining and worthwile. she then could have taken poetic license and beefed up some of her so-called evidence. perhaps she could have had her protagonist find evidence in inspector abberline's &quot;diary&quot; or the ripper's scrapbook. instead she has served up nothing but sheer speculation and far-fetched hypotheses. all of her theories hinge on so many other possibilities that the case against her suspect tumbles like a house of cards. i have read many jack the ripper theories and i must say that most of them, although easily disproven, have been more interesting and plausible than cornwell's unsubstantiated accusations. she backs up none of her &quot;facts&quot; with anything concrete, but has the hubris to claim that she has come up with the definitive solution. i'm especially irked by comments in which she says things like, &quot;i wouldn't dare claim that these letters were written by sickert or even jack the ripper,&quot; and then in subsequent paragraphs she states, &quot;clearly, the ripper had a mixture of a pirie batches (of paper) when he wrote these november 22nd letters...&quot; that sounds to me like she's certain that those particular letters were indeed written by the ripper. throughout the entire loathesome book she does things like this and i found it more and more frustrating with every page that i turned. and yet i'd kept on reading because i kept hoping that she'd actually present some facts that would knock my socks off, but it didn't happen. stick with fiction, pat. your story has more holes in it than a middle-aged, alcoholic unfortunate's worn out cotton knickers.\n", 0], ['the whitechapel murders committed by jack the ripper in the autumn of 1888 have fascinated and repelled ever since. to the point now where it ranks with the marie celeste and the bermuda triangle as one of the worlds most perplexing mysteries.according to the blurb, "patricia cornwell has applied the rigorous discipline of twenty-first century police investigation to the extant material". "an excellent idea" you might think, and you\'d be right. but there are so many things wrong with this book that i hardly know where to start. ms cornwell takes as her hypothesis that the impressionist artist walter richard sickert was in fact the notorious serial killer who has become the stuff of modern nightmares and goes all out to prove it. as part of her evidence she presents sickert\'s "camden town murders" series of paintings, not as the artist exploring his obsession with the murder of a prostitute in camden, around the corner from where sickert was living at the time, but with the artist recalling (or perhaps gloating?) about the ripper murders some twenty years earlier and maybe his part in them. she compares facial mutilation inflicted on jack the ripper\'s fourth victim, catherine eddows with the play of the light on the face of the woman in one of sickert\'s paintings and uses this to claim that sickert was drawing from memory.well, i\'m sorry ms cornwell, that horse just won\'t run! you\'re hypothesis falls down in several crucial areas,the psycho-sexual serial killers is indeed "mr nobody", excessively so! killing is their only expressive outlet. aesthetic young artists don\'t tend to turn to butchery in order to satisfy their needs in this regard, their art more than fulfills this.sickert\'s use of prostitutes as models is also held up to scrutiny, but this was normal for artists of the impressionist school. degas, renoir, manet and many of sickert\'s contempories used prostitutes as models and not only them. raphael painted his madonna\'s from the prostitutes of rome and the faces of botticelli\'s angels are those of the rent boys of quattro cento florence.ms cornwell claims to have found dna from one of the ripper letters that can be matched to sickert. but this sample was taken from a "possible" ripper letter, (opinion on its authenticity is divided) and not from the genuine articles in the black museum, which have been heat sealed, thus destroying any possibility (with current technology anyway) of obtaining a sample. considering sickert\'s prolific letter writing and collection of pseudonyms the possibility of him having written a hoax letter at the time can not be ruled outthe artist\'s alleged hatred of women is shown up in a letter he wrote to jacques-emile blanche when he was painting nudes in venice at the beginning of the twentieth century "from 9 to 4, it is an uninterrupted joy, caused by these pretty, little, obliging models who laugh and un-embarrassedly be themselves while posing like angels. they are glad to be there, and are not in a hurry." this doesn\'t sound like a serial killer describing the objects of his desires, but rather like a normal man having fun.ms cornwell\'s assertion that sickert was infertile is all but destroyed by the fact that sickert almost certainly fathered a child by mme. augustine villain a fishmonger he lived with during his time in neuville.ms cornwell states in this book that sickert\'s paintings are clearly of the ripper murders, but as with everything else, people see what they want to see. "wolf vanderlinden" in his excellent essay put this very well. "in the camden town murder, also titled what shall we do for the rent? (circa 1908). the painting is of a man sitting on the edge of a bed, eyes downcast. behind him lies a naked woman. with the title the camden town murder, the woman is obviously dead and the man is either her killer, filled with remorse, or her lover who has found the body and who sits in stunned mourning. change to the alternate title - what shall we do for the rent? - and now the picture is totally different. the man sits on the bed feeling the weight of his financial problems while his wife or girlfriend lies next to him, her hand gently resting on his knee, offering him some small, tender support"ms cornwell states that walter sickert always drew from life, things he\'d seen and in that she\'d absolutely right. walter sickert only painted subjects that he had seen or had seen photographs of, a subtle but significant difference. photographs of jack the ripper\'s last two victims were published in france as far back as 1899 in a book about the crimes of joseph vacher, the so-called french ripper. at that time sickert was living in france and was fluent in the french language. is it unreasonable to assume that sickert, a true crime buff from his boyhood could have owned or seen a copy of that book in the 6 years between it\'s publication and the painting of the first of the "camden town murders" series that ms cornwell bases so much of her theory on?i suppose that the central problem with this book is that the author has made up her mind before she boots up her word processor and spends the book trying to convince the reader that she\'s right rather than weighing up the evidence and exploring any possible alternatives.\n', 0], ["our 6-yr old son loves magic tree house series. we ordered thanksgiving on thursday for him to read during november. it did not disappoint. he was able to answer questions in school because he had already read this book by the time his teacher covered t'giving with the class. he knew all the characters to the original thanksgiving story. i enjoy reading all the mth books with him, but this is an especially good one. we also purchased the study guide...but did not really use it. i might save my money on that one. unless you're doing a big school project or something where you need much more information.\n", 0], ['royston blake is the head doorman at hoppers, a club in the tough blue-collar english town of mangel. things haven\'t been right with blake since his wife died in a fire some believe he started. making matters worse, the infamous brothers munton seem to have it out for him. truth be told, even his friends are acting a bit dodgy. topping it all, he\'s in danger of losing his most important possession - his reputation (his ford capri 2.8i is a close second). what\'s a head doorman to do when the whole town seems to think he\'s "lost his bottle," meaning his courage, guts, or, in the spirt of the novel, his "knackers"? well, this head doorman is more brawn than brains and he\'s about to fire an offensive salvo in a desperate bid for redemption."deadfolk" is a startlingly appropriate title for charlie williams\' introductory tale of mangel. rarely has the macabre been treated in so blas&eacute; a fashion. as the body count grows, there is an unnerving nonchalance to it all. maybe this pointedly represents the callous indifference of the individuals involved or the disaffected cynicism of the town at large, but it was a hurdle for this reader to overcome. as the plot unfolded, it became increasingly implausible. the people are just too hard and the violence too pervasive.blake provides the first-person narrative. his thoughts and dialogue are thick with british slang (e.g., mouth is "gob", something is "summat", isn\'t it is "ennit"). he principally relates the twists and turns of his effort to salvage his reputation. but some of the best storytelling is found in the revelations surrounding his wife\'s death. the author patiently and cunningly ties the backstory into the narrative. the ending was disappointing, however. while it isn\'t properly a cliff-hanger, nothing gets wrapped up either... er, except for some deadfolk.for some, "deadfolk" may be a guilty pleasure. for me, it was okay but heavier on guilt than pleasure.\n', 0], ['i read this book for and english class, thinking &quot;how boring&quot;, but it soon proved me wrong. i found myself lost, wanting to know what happened next. i had a look of the world through a mental challenged person eyes and mind.\n', 0], ['while it took a while to get into the story, i found it absorbing and ended up finishing the entire book in 3 days.\n', 0], ["at the risk of repeating what's already been written, i'll make my review short and to the point. this book was a pure joy to read. a *tad* bit slow at times, but what book isn't? the author's ability to share his life's journey with the reader is as enjoyable and warm as you'll ever find. there were moments during this book that i desperately, desperately wanted to go back in time to join jr during his ventures. or at least observe from a far. i'd give anything to visualize his uncle and his uncle's bar buddies while frolicking at the beach or going belly up at the bar. i'll give nothing else away, but i will tell any potential reader that you won't be disappointed. reading this book was like eating a really, really good steak. you just take a bite, put the fork down, and slowly chew each piece savoring it's flavors and appreciating it while you have it....because soon the steak, just like the book, will be finished.\n", 0], ['a good story with some mystery and good action. this is one of the mountain stories not the desert ones. worth reading.\n', 0], ['i purchased this book along with the kabbalah handbook. i enjoy using the books together in my studies. it is a great addition to my library and is" my personal " practice book.\n', 0], ["my all time favorite book, by jane austin or any other author. mr. darcy and elizabeth's relationship is so amazing and everytime i read the book i get so caught up in it i can't put it down. recommended to anyone who can read.\n", 0], ['after having read christian literature for 15 years, this is the best. it is a book which molds our lives, changes our thinking for the better, reveals an open door to life, and gives us god.\n', 0], ["what a good read! i don't necessarily read car books, but this was a cover to cover good story! the photography is top-notch as well. a non-enthusiast will enjoy the book and will likely become a full-time enthusiast by reading. vw-fanatics won't be disappointed. plenty of r&amp;d-type stuff in here to keep you interested. also neat that the publisher put the book out with four different colors--one for each of the most popular beetle colors!\n", 0], ['the chrysalids has my vote for best novel by john wyndham; i loved it as a teenager and still find it an excellent story, as fresh and evocative as ever. set in the future after an apocalyptic war has ravaged the earth, this is about a group of unusual children, who find themselves dangerously at odds with the fundamentalist community into which they have been born. as well as being a tale of adventure and survival, the chrysalids is also about difference, and what happens when society draws an arbitrary line between normal and deviant. watch thou for the mutant!\n', 0], ['i could identify with this book on so many levels. having grown up during the 50\'s in a large family. the father was very reminiscint of the father in "angela\'s ashes." i think rather then making me hate the father it makes me really hate alcoholism. many want to judge the mom too quickly for staying with the dad. however this was the 50\'s and divorce was much more dipilitating to the family. the mother comes across as almost saintly, with the bird in the hair and mice at her feet. but staying with her husband and still raising 10 kids humor included makes her rate for sainthood in my book.\n', 0], ["for believers or searchers. this is both a profound and practical book. equivalent to a &quot;unifying field theory&quot; for the spiritual life in that it brings several major threads together into the central issue in one's spiritual life--the heart. i wanted to buy this book for every family in my church (till i did the calculations...)a must read. potential to transform one's life.\n", 0], ['this cookbook is nice to look through, but most of the items in it are not items i can purchase very easily. not located too close to a health food store. i did make the turkey burgers and they were excellent! so if i could buy more of the ingredients easily, i would probably like it. i do like that fact that on top of each recipe it says what blood types can have it, since my children have a different type then my husband and i.\n', 0], ["i read the book a long time ago. i haven't actually re-read it this time, but i looked through it; there are too many books to keep re-reading stuff. it's fun to re-encounter poirot and hastings.\n", 0], ["i became very freindly with a nanny in my neighborhood who i did not even know was a nanny until i met the real mom at kindergarten sign up night. everywhere i went with my kids the nanny was there too: skating lessons, swimming lessons, park adventures, library, book store children's hour, dance and swim competition. i never even thought she looked too young to be the mom to these three kids becasue in this day and time, one never knows. one day we went to the school to play on the swings and the monkey bars and she was there. we talked a little and went our seperate ways. in walking back home, we finally realized we lived only a few blocks away from each other. after that, my kids went over to their house and vice versa. when it was time to register my oldest at kindergarten, the girls were there but a new person was with them. i asked where the mom was and the real mom said, &quot;oh, i'm the mom; she is the nanny.&quot; i was floored to say the least. of course i was very interested in what in the heck could possibly keep her away from her children for 12 or so hours a day...she was a doctor. as i grew into a relationship with the nanny, everything unfolded and made much more sense. not only was the real mom a doctor but so was the dad. the tales in this book are right in line with what nanny &quot;jane&quot; (not real name) told me. we would sit for hours while the kids played and i would listen in disbelief of daily activities that took place in millions of households across the nation. this was her seventh position as a nanny and she had lived in various areas trying to stay at least for two years in each household. her freinds were nannies and their friends were nannies. when i read the book i thought jane had surely been one of the authors. more than anything else, it breaks my heart that people like this have children and allow others to raise them. in turn, they miss most of the more meaningful and powerful bonding opportunities in life, especially with young children.it made me feel like a good mom because i had put my career on hold and made the working moms all bad moms. i have since learned a valuable lesson: all mothers are working mothers. some choose to work outside the home and many need to do so out of having no other options. i have now met many nannies and many working moms. some of them are good (most are good) but like the nanny diaries describe in this book, many just don't realize that it is the small daily things that count the most in life. kids remember who was there when they threw up all over the kitchen floor, how it was handled, when it was done, what happened next and why their mom was not there.sometimes, when i asked the little girls if they wanted to come over and play, they would say, &quot;jane will go home in one hour, can we come over after she leaves or, can we come now and bring her and stay over after she leaves?&quot; this shouted volumes to me of who they would rather be around and i was amazed at first but eventually got used to the idea.the nanny diaries may be writen as a novel but it is very trueand will hopefully open the eyes of all parents before they have children and decide to hire someone else to do the most important job ever. another book which tells moms straight away that they should take care of home life first is mommy-ceo, revised edition, by syndicated family columnist, jodie lynn. it is not about being a mommy and a business ceo - it is about leadership roles in the household in taking care of your children. the combination of these two books will bring crystal clear meaning behind the reasoning of why children must come first. many readers may feel picked on or beaten upon from the two books. don't be fooled...every parent, male or female - working or working from or at home, will benefit in the long run. in fact, there are seven doctors in mommy-ceo, revised edition (2001)- and they answer parenting concerns from a mom's heartfelt experience and the male docs do too. i'm glad both books were written as they are and hope each one is in every household in the nation as children deserve to be the main focus.\n", 0], ["all the queen's men was another wonderful book by linda howard. she continues to entice and delight her readers with strong female characters and sexy &quot;pirates&quot; for her male characters. they are indestructible and hot. one of my favorite characters is gray rouillard from &quot;after the night&quot;. i am anxiously awaiting the return of chance mackenzie like most other linda howard fans. am i the only one who believes that he is too large a character to be featured in a silouhette romance? he deserves a big hard cover all of his own. keep those great books coming linda howard. you are truly awesome!\n", 0], ["this book is perhaps a great of fantasy writing. it is sutbly written, but it contains such a great political and passionate backround. the people in this struggle to undo a terrible horror of losing their name, an anchor for their whole country, must use nothing but their minds, their feelings and their hearts. as things careen farther and farther out of control, as the story twists and turns in its many lovely parts, it is also a love story, a simple fact of acknowledging what the body knows but the mind can't accept. this is one of my favorite books of all time, and i rate it right up there with to kill a mockingbird and far pavillions. i loved this book.-kirsten\n", 0], ["robert whitlow demonstrates once again his gifted writing talents in his award winning book the trial. it is a suspense story and love story combined, and has a number of twists and turns to keep the reader guessing. the true to life style of his book make reading his novels even more interesting. the trial has somewhat of a surprise ending, one which i didn't anticipate.\n", 0], ["james joyce had a life worthy of study and it is parlayed in this novel with passion and art combined, in equal measure. it drives down the path of a young man's struggle to find truth in religeon, which does not excist beyond metaphorical reasoning. when the protagonist realises this, he defrocks his faith in christianity and searches for answers else where. it is difficult for the reader in our era to understand the pressures that must have been placed on a young man growing up in a catholic shcool and to dissolve his interest in religeon, but it shows the strength that joyce had for his convictions and desires. a brilliant read telling a story with an amalgam of fiction and non-it truely is delivered in a wonderful and original fashion. for any reader who is not affraid to question life and whom enjoys the greatest writer of prose of all time.\n", 0], ['a portrait of the artist as a young man, by james joyce is the story of a young man struggling to grow up and rise above the political, religious, and patriotic cords that bind him down. the book begins with stephen reflecting on his childhood until he grows up to be a man with his own views. the story takes place in ireland when there was much confusion in religion and politics. stephen dedalus was raised in a very patriotic home, which was also devoutly catholic. stephen, however, struggles with the strong views of his family and church. he doesn\'t quite know if he agrees with everyone around him. throughout his life stephen and his family have to move to different houses because of financial problems. this also causes stephen to have to change schools, and become involved with different types of people. while he is changing schools externally, internally he is also changing; he is becoming a young man with ideas uniquely his own. growing up is a great challenge for stephen, he is thrown into many different situations and has people all around him trying to tell him what to think, and what to do with his life. he goes from having his first unexpected sexual relationship to feeling the awful guilt of his sins. then he goes from wanting to become a priest to realizing that all he wants to do is get out of ireland, and become his own expressive, unique self through art. he is not close minded to what people tell him, but he doesn\'t agree with what they tell him and he doesn\'t feel that it is for him. there is great symbolism and imagery in this book. there is a current theme of water and of birds. it is as if stephan admires the birds, but they are also those in which "pull out his eyes ". they pull out his eyes because he wants so badly to be a bird and fly away, but can\'t because too many things are preventing him from flying away. stephen wants to rise above the water and the filth of his life, this water and filth can be considered the church and political issues that occupy his and his family\'s lives. he wants to become like dedalus and build himself wings to fly away; in the end of the book he does fly away, and a new life awaits him.\n', 0], ["i've loved this book since i first learned to read. being able to download it for free was wonderful, and the quality was more than acceptable considering i paid nothing for it.\n", 0], ["simone de beauvoir was the founder of neo-feminism, but her deepest affinity was with chairman mao's cultural revolution. this is made utterly apparent in this book. beauvoir was still passing out maoist leaflets in the 1970s, years after mao's crimes against humanity were well-known. to understand the legacy of american feminism, you have to explore the founder's orientation.while simone de beauvoir grew up in one of the most privileged families in france and went to all the best institutions, and never worked a day in her life, she nevertheless, along with a great number of the french left, fell under the sway of chairman mao in the 1950s and never recovered. a companion volume to this read would be julia kristeva's chinese women.the two of these feminists, still considered stellar intellectuals in the world of women's studies, were both simply maoists for a great part of their life, and a great deal of their thinking went into supporting and amplifying the chinese cultural revolution. the cultural revolution is now being relived in every women's studies program in america.read this book. it is central to understanding the french mentality in the 1970s and the american mentality today in women's studies.\n", 0], ["murder, sex, death and the struggle for power... the clinton presidency? no... rome. fast paced, witty and rich in detail, i claudius is the summer reading of choice along the beaches of the nile. if you've never seen the bbc series or even if you have, i claudius will surprise you at every page. highly recommended... if i had one bad thing to say about this book, it would be it's abrupt ending. there is no finish to this book, merely a cut off between claudius, the family fool, to claudius the god... which is continued in a second volume.\n", 0], ["this was a book that really built my love of america and my love of history when i was a child. as i got older, i became disillusioned by some of the phrases -- give me liberty or give me death? i don't think so. my country right or wrong? uh-huh. remember the maine? thanks hearst. still, it gave me a context for further development and lawson's words and illustrations have stuck with me for 40 years. i think it's a valuable book and i'm really glad i was able to find a copy for my kids.\n", 0], ['this book is terrible. the writing in it is aweful. it is vague and ambiguous. it assumes knowledge and understanding of the subject prior reading. not a good choice for a class text or for a beginner in epidemiology.\n', 0], ["pariah is an extremely well put together story and is the third of zigal's kurt muller stories. all three of the kurt muller books are excellent. unfortunately, there seem to have been no more in this series for some years now, and that's very disappointing.\n", 0], ['it is really nice for traveling to "read" as you go, also it was nice for a busy daughter who had to read it for hs assignment!\n', 0], ['as i said in my title this book has almost been reviewed to its extent and its a wonderful read for any age. i know a few guys that will not admit to it but have read it also. it shows a book that has been loved throughout every generation and will never go out of style, it truly is a classic.\n', 0], ['this book, based on personal experience was a bit new age for me and i was looking more for factual information instead of mystic thoughts.\n', 0], ["you will find in this book very cleverly written articles. toure shares his candid opinion on topics as well as sharing experiences he's had with many pop-culture icons. very interesting read!\n", 0], ['this was an excellent book that i would encourage preteens, teens, and adults to read. i also liked the layout of the book.\n', 0], ['expresses the life of a caretaker extremely well and highlights all forms of loneliness in a way that every reader can relate to.\n', 0], ["the book of mice and men, by john steinbeck is a great book to read. this book is about two men, george and lenny, whom throughout the story, encounter some difficulties regarding their friendship. at the beginning of the book, the two men get a job at a farm, but unfortunately lose it, because an incident that happens with a girl in a pretty dress. later on in the story, they get another job in a new farm and once again they come across troubling situations. they meet a woman who's hobby is to flirt with every guy she sees. soon enough she notices lenny and flirts with him. dumbfounded, lenny acts back. lenny is mentally challenged and the reason why they are always in trouble. meeting this flirtatious woman leads george to make a drastic desicion regarding lenny and their friendship. i think that you will enjoy reading this book very much, just like i did.\n", 0], ["while the flashcards really have minimal material on them, they do contain the ever-useful &quot;key words&quot; for pathology. i have found that knowing the disease process of pathological diseases is helpful, but when it comes to test time, it's those key words and phrases in the stem of the question that are supposed to &quot;give the answer away&quot;. these cards contain those key phrases that help you quickly associate s/s with a dx.\n", 0], ["as a young man still exploring my sexuality, the charioteer fell into my hands. i might call it providence, for mary renault's novel, more than any other i have read, has affirmed me in my own journey...and challanged me. her novel is not exclusively about homosexuality though, it is a novel about all people filled with compassion and insight. this book contains wisdom, for this reason it belongs on all &quot;must read&quot; lists.\n", 0], ["in 1985 five hikers in california's yosemite national park made climbing the famous half done their goal even when a storm began to amass. by nightfall a lightening strike would kill two, three would be gravely wounded, and a midnight helicopter rescue would be in the making. recklessness and tragedy permeate shattered air: a true account of catastrophe and courage on yosemite's half dome. it's a climber's nightmare come true.\n", 0], ["harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban is my favourite of the current three books. it takes people deeper into the wizarding realm, with secret passages, a magic map (a very amusing touch, that!), revealed secrets, and a look at what prejudice does to people who are different because of forces beyond their power to control. more truth about harry's past makes his life itself seem ever more mysterious (and from the number of reviews, here, a lot of people like mysteries!) he makes new friends, breaks more old rules, and learns about the strength that lies within himself. but the book ends with a cliffhanger: where did sirius black and buckbeak go? will we see them again? will we see lupin again? (i hope so!) what will happen to lupin now? who will the new defense against the dark arts teacher be? black, lupin, and buckbeak could be great allies for harry and his friends later on. the story itelf made me laugh 'til my sides ached (due to the antics of ron weasley's brothers), tremble with fear (at the dementors and what they represent), cheer with triumph (due to the outcome of the final quiddich match), and had me on the edge of my seat reading as fast as possible to find out what happens next. i came away from this one grinning just as broadly as i had with the last two.my little sister introduced me to the harry potter books last year. i had been searching for something new in the fantasy genre for a while, but i never thought i'd find what i was looking for in a children's book. i found myself sympathising with harry (as a teenage child, myself, from a straight-laced family). hogwarts sounded like the ideal school- i, and all my friends who've read the books, all want to go there. the adventures swept me away, helping me to temporarily forget the stresses of reality.i would like to put in a few words of thanks and gratitude to j.k. rowling. i recently suffered from a combination of overwhelming depression, and an intense fear of nothing tangible. not a very pleasant experience, mind you. reading about harry potter saved my sanity and my grades.i would also like to put in a few words of disgust to the people who feel the books support satanism. they've obviously not got their heads screwed on tight enough. catholic priests read these to their children as bedtime stories, or hadn't you read the newspaper lately? and as a witch myself, i can vouch for the fact that these books do not promote witchcraft in the slightest. they promote a renewed sense of wonder and fascination in a world that has become jaded and weary. if the magic in the series is to be condemned, then so should art, and music, which, as dumbledore says, is &quot;a magic beyond what we do&quot; at hogwarts.\n", 0], ["dear joanne, dear readers. with a lot of amusement and laughter i have read the first two harry potter books. i was delighted! i have started the third book today, and reading the first 6.5 pages, i first found it the funniest. then my laughter froze when i read the following: harry potter's homework (in &quot;the prisoner of azkaban&quot;, paperback bloomsbury, page 7/8): &quot;witch-burning in the 14th century was completely pointless - please discuss. non-magic people (more commenly known as muggles) were particularly afraid of magic in medieval times, but not very good at recognising it. on the rare occasion that they did catch a real witch or wizard, burning had no effect whatsoever. the witch or wizard would perform a basic flame-freezing charm and then pretend to shriek with pain while enjoying the gentle, tickling sensation. indeed, wendelin the weird enjoyed being burnt so much that she allowed herself to be caught no fewer than fourty-seven times in various disguises.&quot; i can't judge right now if you put this incredible historical lie into truth later in your book, i will verify. but it is unbelievable that you write something like this down! after laughing a lot about this in the first place, freezing in the second place, i started thinking about things like possible child books, written about other cruel massacres, repainted for children: jews indeed liked being gassed, they were not really dying, just losing weight, as the gas made them lose their appetite. the gas gave them a true sensation of being high and happy. the concentration camps were so full of jews, because they kept coming back for more. how do you feel about it? i find this dangerous and alarming, thinking about the huge success of your books and the influence they have, publishing things like that! there have indeed been extremely high numbers of witch-burnings of incredible cruelty for centuries. i will be very keen on reading from you how you intend to put this right! it is a pitty, because your books are extremely funny and imaginative. but using historical massacres in a joky sense in children books, in my eyes, is a matter of publishing this in the press. somebody like the pope has only recently admitted witch-burning. and you make a joke out of it (unless you later put it right in your book. in the case you do, i will fully apologize). i find this more then alarming and dangerous.\n", 0], ['anyone who is interested in the nature of power and manipulation of the masses should read this book. despite the fact that it was orriginaly an inditement against stalinism, it is still relevant in 21st century america.the nature of the "war on terror" could have been taken dirrectly from the book, in places word for word. the story provides facinating insight into the way that reasonably inteligent people can chose to behave in irrational ways in the name of partiatism and loyalty.\n', 0], ["george orwell's novel 1984 is an intriguing piece ofliterature. it is interesting, inspiring, and terrifying all at thesame time. published in 1949, the novel's unyielding dystopian realism gives a warning that concerns the menaces of totalitarianism that orwell feared could completely grip the world in the near future. the novel is set in an imaginary future world that is dominated by three constantly warring totalitarian police states. the novel's hero, wnston smith, is a minor party official in the ministry of truth, where the motto is, &quot;he who controls the past controls the future, and he who controls the future controls the past.&quot; ironically, it is winston's relentless longing for 'truth' and decency that leads him to secretly rebel against the government and its esteemed leader, big brother. in doing so, smith becomes involved in a love affair with a like-minded by the name of julia. together, with the purpose of overthrowing the totalitarian government, they join an underground organization called the brotherhood. unfortunately, they are both apprehended by the thought police shortly after their admission into the organization. the ensuing imprisonment, torture, and reeducation of winston and julia are intended not merely to make them submit or to break them physically, but to root out their independent mental existence and spiritual dignity to the point that they betray the only thing that they have ever loved: each other. this novel made a deep impression on me. orwell does an excellent job of getting his warning across while at the same time touching on romance and the natural instincts of the human heart. the daunting part about reading this novel is that it is very realistic and possible. 1984 is a novel that should be read by everyone, and the warning that it gives should be heeded. by alicia crawhorn\n", 0], ["i fell asleep reading this. as i did with bag of bones. i suppose when you've made a qaudzillion bucks you can get away with not dealing in horror anymore.oh wait - it is horror. just a differnet kind of horror. umm ok...i suppose i'll give it one star then for &quot;horror&quot;hope he gets back to writing what made him rich in the frist place.\n", 0], ["hearts in atlantis is definitly not king at his best. if you have the time, and only if you have the time, you should at least try to read it. maybe you'll like it.hearts in atlantis is about three best friends and their story growing up. learn how you should stand up for what you believe in and that life shound't be wasted doing things you may regret later in your life.if you don't read this i don't blame you. the first couple of sections were pretty well done, but through the rest of the book i had to force myself to finish.\n", 0], ['this book takes a potentially crazy point in a woman\'s life and somehow normalizes it. fleisher gives the why\'s behind the feelings a married woman goes through once she discovers her attraction to women. she gives systematic steps and "what you can do now" after each chapter. particularly helpful is the view point of others in the woman\'s life. for example she helps a woman with this realization understand the feelings and view point of her husband, her children and even her lover. some specific ideas are also included for girl friends of married women.\n', 0], ['as all of us know, there is a significant change in directx 8, which is combining directdraw and direct3d together. as a starter, if you only have a directx7 book, you will find it difficult to learn directx8 with the guide of it. then, try something right from beginning! also, you\'ll find how to put directx into "real" use in this fantastic book. it\'s good to both beginners and advanced programmers.\n', 0], ['thanks. i will not answer any more of these as it is stupid to try and think of something to say\n', 0], ["this, my first &quot;norton&quot; book, is so well written by peter gethers that he got me totally involved in his adventures with and love for his cat, norton. i fell in love with norton, and suffered with the author through norton's illness and eventual death. as a cat lover having lost my two oldest cats, cheetah and pushkin, four years ago under similar circumstances, gether's description of norton's last days deeply touched me and brought back very painful memories. a very well-written and touching book for both airophiles and others. i am going to read the first two books next! i'm hooked on norton - a very special cat! i only wish i could have known about him when he was alive and that i could have met him in person. but the love between gethers and norton only confirmed what i have known for a long time - the bond between cats and humans can be so incredibly strong that they can never be broken - not even by death. love is forever and our cats will always be part of us.\n", 0], ["if you read only one of the three books on norton the scottish fold, this should be it. not only are the writing style and design of the book better than the other two, it's the most emotional and thoughtful as well. the two previous books tell of norton's adventures as a series of events, and in this third, gethers continues that tradition. but he also adds something of a meditation on death and on caring for others. there are moments where it seems to get sentimental, but the feelings are so genuine that you can't help but be moved.\n", 0], ["you should not consider buying this book. you should just buy it. i held off purchasing it since i already knew a fair bit (or so i thought) about amateur astronomy, had already bought a great telescope and a bunch of accessories, and i knew of many other more specialized resources for specific topics (what to look at, astrophotography, physics of the objects we look at, where to find star parties and so on). plus, published in 1991, it seemed like the book was bound to be outdated soon. however i ended up purchasing it, and reading this thing is a truly eye-opening experience. it is hard to imagine a more well-rounded, well-written, enjoyable and authoritative text on amateur astronomy. it covers many topics but somehow manages to avoid treating them superficially. sure, if you get deeply into photography or optical design you'll want to get single-topic references. and you still need a star chart! but this book will help you get off and running in all phases of amateur astronomy. if you read this, you'll be transformed immediately from a beginner to one of the people &quot;in the know&quot; in your astronomy club and your enjoyment of the hobby will be heightened greatly.\n", 0], ["it is a great book and dvd.i was looking all over the mall tosee what it looked like.(i live in canada.)then i found it inblack bond books.the book is huge!!!!!! so i bought it anwatched the dvd and then started reading the book. the dvd isabout britney, the way we don't see her. and the book, it'sstories from britney's friends and family. it is a great bookand dvd. buy it.\n", 0], ["lady chatterly's lover is a philosophical novel that asks questions about values and what makes a good life. in it, d. h. lawrence considers the intellectual life and finds it arid and unreal. (here, there is an extended, unflattering discussion of the self-promotion that a successful writer must engage in.) he then considers the effect of technology on modern life and finds that it has diminished our human qualities. finally, he advocates a return to a simpler life where people will meet their deeper needs rather than seeking the superficial things that money can buy. the author thinks that sex has to play a pretty central role in a complete life, and he's probably right about that, but he has some very specific ideas about sex that sound odd to us now.the author also looks deeply into the dynamics of relationships between men and women and explores what we are like, why we have trouble understanding one another, and how men and women can complement one another.finally, there is a fair amount of racy language and action that, of course, earned this book its notoriety.i enjoyed this book a great deal and i think that the author's critique of modern ethics deserves some attention. it is a mistake to dismiss this book because of its overtly sexual themes.\n", 0], ["this is standard sheldon fare - cutthroats and graphic albeit cliche bedroom scenes. same old story.set during the 1940s, this book contains all of the ususal sheldon fare including some poor editing. an example of poor editing was in the case of a character named israel katz, who had an amputated leg. early in the book, it was his right leg and later in the book, his other leg was identified as the amputeded limb. inconsistencies like that are inexcusable.dramatis personaecatherine - a silly, starry-eyed girl who has pie in the sky hopes like her dreamer of a dad. she has a crush on a boy in her senior class and when he somehow manages to convince her to spend a night with him, she makes bizarre comments and kills off a possible conquest.she drops out of college to work and becomes involved with one william fraser, who is the only likable character in the book. a truly nice man, he has her interests at heart.larry - a cruel, indifferent man. he manages to convince catherine to marry him instead of fraser. he would later jilt her for one noelle page after making attempts on her life so he can remarry. an erratic pilot, he is sacked from several airlines and mail runs before being hired as the private pilot for a greek tycoon.noelle page - catherine's foil; her opposite number. noelle is a ruthless barracuda who was encouraged to believe she was born into a noble gentry. instead, she was born in a fishing village in paris, the daughter of another barracuda and an unknown sailor. the man she recognizes as her papa sells her when she reaches puberty. she then goes on to seduce men and sharpen her teeth and claws.a greek tycoon named constantin demiris who bears more than a passing resemblance to ari onasis takes in interest in the young barracuda. he woos her after a callous pilot named larry who jilted her.these three lives collide. larry supposedly kills catherine and is executed in a trial after her disappearance; noelle and larry reconnect and noelle meets a grim fate as well. a tale of revenge and excess, this one shares a place with other sheldon novels. this is just too trashy for me.\n", 0], ['after reading my first lee child book i found them fast paced, detailed & action packed. jack reacher is not your usual type character.i read this one now before seeing the movie. i am glad mr. child has joined the tank of several of the authors i read.\n', 0], ["shadows of the empire was great! i read it within five days at work and loved it! i couldn't put the book down. i am starting my own star wars novel collection, and this is a great book to add. star wars fans will love this book! my favorite part was when threepio flew the falcon. i was nearly pulling my hair out when xizor was seducing leia. i didn't know what to expect. for those of you that have not read this, need to read it now!\n", 0], ['the first problem people seem to be having with this famous dictionary is that some of the more recent reprints of the original clarendon press edition (especially the indian ones) are physically of very poor quality: not only are they poorly printed on inferior paper, but they also come with a shoddy binding that is just not going to stand up to the sort of handling a heavy dictionary gets. books such as this (and there are many being published today) seem to me almost to have been deliberately designed to self-destruct after minimal use.the only solution to this problem is not to buy a later reprint in the first place. instead, look for a used copy of the earlier uk-produced clarendon press edition. this was well-printed on quality paper, stitched so that it opens flat without the spine cracking, and bound in a durable cloth. if you are lucky enough to find one of these you will be getting a real book that will be a pleasure to handle and will stand up to many years of heavy use.the second problem that some people run into is that the dictionary itself can, because of its arrangement, be difficult to use. an excellent solution to this problem has been provided by charles wikner in his \'a practical sanskrit introductory\' (1996).this is a superb and extremely useful 146-page sanskrit tutorial in 15 lessons which, besides teaching sanskrit pronunciation, devanagari, and some basic principles, has also been designed, as wikner says, "to lift the english-speaking student who knows nothing of sanskrit to the level where he can intelligently [use] monier-williams\' dictionary."he explains that lessons 12-14 "penetrate monier-williams\' dictionary through its four levels of alphabetical order, and suggest strategies for finding difficult words." after studying these three lessons, users should have no further difficulty with the dictionary; in fact, it will become a real pleasure to use.the author has generously made his book freely available and it can be downloaded from: http://sanskritdocuments.org/learning_tutorial_wikner/index.html\n', 0], ['this book was originally written as a series of pamphlets starting in 1776. it was crucial in advancing the thought and spirit of the american revolution to the masses. i found this book to be amazing in how forward thinking the author was. declaring "the cause of america is in a great measure the cause of all mankind". he spends the first part of the book logically explaining that monarchy is wrong and having heirs to a throne is ridiculous. he uses the bible as part of his argument that kings and kingdoms are man made and the origin is corrupt so they should be done away with. he goes on to explain how a fair practice of representation in government could take place in the colonies after independance. he writes that america had no logical need to submit to great britain\'s dominion any longer and that after the treatment america received, she had every right to independance. paine predicts that america would emerge as a powerful nation with its natural resources and location. he says that the pride of kings results in wars. he states that in a monarchy the king is law, in a democracy law is king. this book is a wonderful trip into logic and reason concerning americas independance, i enjoyed it. thomas paine\'s vision of america came true, and you can read that vision in this book.\n', 0], ['as i read through this book i had a joyful travel in religion through time around the world... this book really helps people who are interested in the roots of religion. many questions arise in your mind.\n', 0], ["i'm sorry, but i don't see how a celebrity, especially one as admittedly pampered and spoiled as jessica, could possibly relate to how us &quot;normal folk&quot; prepare a wedding. based on her reality show, her parents do everything, and i'm guessing that the same went on for her wedding. i found the tips i got from friends made more sense.\n", 0], ['this book is full of nice sayings and adages. it was written many years ago but still has the ring of truth and logic you would exept from ben franklin. very nice to read.\n', 0], ["the book is good, but why it doesn't have cd? i saw another new book with a cd.\n", 0], ['yes, i realize this edition has one of the stupidest looking covers i\'ve ever seen, particularly for a russian novel. however, this is one of my favorite. the story starts out with a man being told a variety of stories about a man named pechorin, which is enjoyable enough, yet pechorin is one of the most amazing, entertaining, and brilliant characters in literature. when the story moves into his tale is when the story really picks up. he does a series of things that are entertaining as any in literature. a combination of stealing a native princess, getting the family killed, and ultimately getting bored with her is only one element. getting a russian princess to fall in love with him just to spite a companion is another element. if you don\'t like darkly humored anti-heroes, this is not the book for you. pechorin does numerous things just to entertain himself that cost others, and it may not be for everyone. but certain quotes such as "suffering is the first experience that allows me to take joy in tormenting others" and "i choose to despise women over loving them because life would be too much of a melodrama otherwise." plain and simple, pechorin is fun. he brings up some interesting intellectual issues, but overall, the main attraction to this book is the character of pechorin. anyone who\'s in the mood for a fun, darkly humored read needs to read this book. if that is not your taste, leave it on the bookshelf. either way, i grew to love pechorin and see him as the sly, mean-spirited side of me that rarely seems to surface.\n', 0], ['would a book like this be written about men? do men ever need to explain there sexual behaviors? the answer is no! did it ever occur to the author that women like having sex, dressing sexy & just like being sexual overall? why does she assume that all women who are open with their sexuality are just trying to please someone else? maybe we like pleasing ourselves! it\'s funny how if a man is raunchy, sexual & crude he\'s just being a man & nobody questions it yet, if a woman is, something is wrong with that. it\' inappropriate, it\'s wrong, it\'s degrading, etc. we\'re labeled "sluts" "whores" & "hookers & men are just being "men" "macho" "a player" or "pimp". if a woman feels comfortable with her sexuality then she has the right to express it if that is how she feels comfortable. we shouldn\'t have to worry about being labeled, look down upon or disrespected!\n', 0], ["a friend loaned me this book and told me it would change my life. well i read it and i don't believe that all women are as bad as mentioned in the book, there are some though. after i gave it back i pointed out to him that his fianc&eacute; makes more than he does. in fact, for all of my friends in &quot;serious&quot; relationships, she earns more than he does. now maybe i'm just in a very small minorty here, but a lot of my buddies are either now finding out &quot;i need a college education&quot;, or some just never left acadamia. despite the fact that these guys were either getting a stipend or work a part time job to fill in the time between classes, they managed to attract women.and to be honest, yes i am single am able to keep every penny i earn and use it for what ever i see fit.\n", 0], ['this is a book to be read all year round. it gives great ideas about things to do for each season to build your "lasagna garden". what a great idea!!!! green friendly too!no matter what time of the year it is, you will find yourself excited to plan, work, or dream of the gardening season!\n', 0], ['have used this reference for years. bought copies for children and most recently my granddaughter; (who is very green!)\n', 0], ['2012-nov-06why is the kindle version $12 and the paperback $11? this is outrageous! the kindle version should be two bucks? maybe three bucks? no manufacture cost, no shipping cost, maughm has been dead for 47 years... can anyone explain this to me? where doth the greed lie? publisher? amazon?[btw, i love this book. i think all high school students should read it!]salamat.\n', 1], ["set in the aftermath of world war i, this deeply philosophical novel brilliantlyportrays lawrence's fascination with the power and activity of the subconscious mind.lawrence expertly strips away the surface levels of normal awareness and perception to revealthe forces working within the deep inner recesses of the human psyche. his interest in and fascinationwith the writings of freud is everywhere made manifest in this story.in every section of this brilliant book, the reader can grasp the characters' efforts to exert the willagainst the inviolable forces of nature. the end result, according to lawrence, is that they sever the organic bond with the natural world and suffer a spiritual death.through their struggles, we gain a sense of our own futile efforts to control reality, to make it over in our own image. we discover we must complete our being by living in the moment, submerging the self and uniting with others.above all else, we learn about our true nature and the necessity of living in harmonywith the ebb and flow of the larger universe. buy lawrence's book, and, more importantly,dwell on its depictions of the mind's power to deliver our destiny.i highly recommend this masterpiece to all readers wishing to gain insight intohuman psychology and, ultimately, a truer picture of humanity. although the book is quite long (nearly500 pages) and doesn't have a unified plot structure, lawrence rewards his beautiful bounty to the patient and careful reader.\n", 0], ["this is a great little book.super easy read.ok, i liked that he spends most of the book preparing himself for marriage.i liked that the characters are presented as real christians who are growing and changing in the lord.and i *really* like that there weren't any pictures. :-)we used this book as a read aloud for our little kids, and it totally helped bring the idea of courtship into focus for them, as thats not something they see often. :-)i totally shared it with my friends kids. lol*spoiler*i liked that he doesn't marry the first girl to appear on the scene.hope this review helps.\n", 0], ['if d. gisele isaac wrote "jiggy poo poo" on a piece of paper, i\'d want to read it. she has one of those writing styles that just draws you in and wraps you up in the flow of her words.i felt like the characters in the book were real people that i could actually bump into if i went down to the road in the supermarket. now lemme tell you bout the book:considering venus explores the lives of a heterosexual widow, who finds herself falling in love, and teetering into a relationship with an old school friend who just happens to be a lesbian female.the pair undergo the typical battles of a new "same sex" relationship as the story unfolds.now i have two big problems with this book. number one: the book actually had an ending, i wanted to stay in cass and lesley\' lives forever (no homo lol) and number two: whey the sequel so lang woman!\n', 0], ["an interesting novel written from the point of view of a homeless man.for some reason, i just didn't like it. maybe it was the short chapters, maybe it was the vivid descriptions of a homeless person's day or the thoughts of a paranoid man. i didn't like the swearing which sounds prudish and inappropriate since swearing is one facet in the everyday life of someone who lives in the streets.almost like modern art - you like it or you don't.\n", 0], ['i have had the pleasure of knowing gene wents for nearly half my young life. he has coached several of my teams and i have had many discussions with him. he is a great human being and a even greater christian, unlike some descriptions. he truely is the bravest man i have ever met. i am very proud to call him a friend. i also am an aspiring writer and am inspired by his book/\n', 0], ["this was such a good read and i totally can't wait for the next installment. i may even pay retail! yes, it's that good. this is a keeper and is going to receive place of honor in my personal library.\n", 0], ["historical fiction is a curious breed of writing. on the one hand, writers are expected to (within reason) stick closely to actual events, at least when the events in the novel connect to historical timelines. similarly with personalities, customs, technology, cultural developments, etc. on the other hand, the fact that it's fiction gives the author leeway in inventing new characters, motivations, and in general peering into the details of history that we couldn't possibly know.&quot;quicksilver&quot; is the latest offering from neal stephenson, an author known better for his science fiction than novels set in the late 17th century as this one is. it's a monster of a novel (944 pages) and is really only the first of three novels in the baroque cycle. it's not as far away from his other writing as one might think, however, as many of the characters are the ancestors of various characters in &quot;cryptonomicon&quot;, which itself followed two or three generations of some of these same families (waterhouse, shaftoe, etc.)unfortunately, the novel meanders so much that it's nigh on impossible to give a plot summary. in fact, the novel seems to putter to a stop rather than climax. it starts out as flashbacks interleaved with events in the early 18th century, but this device doesn't last long and we're left in the daniel waterhouse's college days with isaac newton. eventually we begin to follow bob shaftoe, then a qwghlmian woman named eliza. these three cross paths at various times and interact with other historical figures like leibniz, louis xiv, robert hooke, and so forth. stephenson is his usual clever self, but this time it seems more like showing off rather than entertaining as in prior writing.to be honest, despite a few exciting moments, this was a singularly uncompelling read. by the last third of the novel, i continued reading it out of sheer doggedness rather than any interest in what would happen. interlocking plot lines are great, but there should be a common thread to make the reader care about the characters and their various fates. as an experiment in historical science fiction, it's worth some time. stephenson is simultaneously experimenting on the internet with real character writing and a wiki with more information about various characters and events in the novel (allowing reader input and editing). but novels have to stand on their own two feet, not just as a gimmick, but as worthwhile reads. &quot;quicksilver&quot; just doesn't cut it, which is a shame: stephenson is capable of so much more.\n", 0], ["i had the good fortune to get gary braver's elixir for my birthday. and am i glad. i am thoroughly impressed with braver's writing. even though this is a bio-medical thriller, braver has the dark imagination and terrific story-telling capacity of dean koontz and stephen king. there is some really fine writing in this book, and some twists i never saw coming. i literally could not put the book down. i would highly recommend it to anyone who loves thrillers--medical, psychological, or otherwise.\n", 0], ['what happened to all the earlier reviews of this book? there were a few. i know i wrote one; this is one of the books that had just atrocious scan errors. whole paragraphs missing. perhaps it has been rescanned and put back up on the site? if so, how come those of us who bought it earlier are not getting the better, corrected version?\n', 1], ["ondaatje's magical language made me a huge fan before, but this book is possibly his best. the movie, with its gooey love story dominating the scene, appealed to the most common denominator. read the book. read the other novels. read the poems. read billy the kid and coming through slaughter (history? novel? poem?). just read.\n", 0], ["if you have an interest in zen, this is an excellent place to begin. i purchased the written as well as the audio version of this work and have read it numerous times. it is well written and easy to understand. you can expect to receive some new understanding with every reading. a very good companion to david chadwick's &quot;crooked cucumber.&quot;\n", 0], ["this is retelling of the cinderella story for adults. it is set during the tulip investment craze, and subsequent crash, in the 1630s in holland (which really happened). it is an excellent re-imagining of a classic fairy tale. it pretty much turns the whole story on it's head. it's delightly imaginative and should appeal to adults who are still kids at heart (it's fine for teens, too).\n", 0], ['i really like the &quot;coaching by the experts&quot; series and this is my favorite so far. after two years of running an 8 man front, cover 3 defense we switched to the 4-3 because of its simplicity and flexibility. this book details how many different directions your 4-3 can go. from names like jackie sherill and george perles to dave wannstedt. though only one chapter was used to discuss any in-depth coverage philosophies, this is another excellent resource book showing how many different ways the 4-3 can be played.\n', 0], ["this likely will appeal to the religious right, and that's fine, but the characters are one dimensional. christian good, muslim bad. several unbelievable plot details, like terrorists talking openly on an unsecure phone connection giving names and discussing terrorist plots. they know better than that these days.\n", 0], ["i'm not sure that i buy that reading changes the neurochemistry of the brain. i think that there are some other ways that literacy could correlate with misogyny.in my mental model of the universe, woman traditionally have held sway in the private realm, men in the public. in pre-literate societies, the public sphere and the private sphere were probably roughly the same size.with the advent of writing, the size of the public sphere got much much bigger.furthermore, many of the most prolific male writers -- particularly on religious issues -- were ones who did not have good relationships with women. the ones in happy relationships spent their free time at home hanging out with the wife and kids!it makes sense to me that after not much time, the written corpus would thus be dominated by men. if almost everything you read is written by men, and you value reading, it makes sense to me that this would lead to devaluing women -- even by women.even though i am not convinced about reading causing physiological changes, this is a very interesting, provocative book that i will recommend to many people. it isn't the last word by any means, but it's a very interesting starting point.\n", 0], ['i was looking for a board book with faces of babies because i read that babies are very interested in looking at other babies faces and knowing that they also enjoy the game "peek a boo" i thought this might be a decent book. very disappointed. how difficult is it to produce a quality book with such an easy concept?! all it had to contain was quality photographs and a couple different babies covering and then uncovering their faces. how did this book get published? it is not even the same baby (e.g. it asks "where is baby?" showing one baby and then the next page says "here i am" showing a different baby. probably confusing to a baby/child. got to be better books than this one out there. if i could have seen the inside of the book, i wouldn\'t have purchased it.\n', 0], ["in my opinion this book is horrible. every word in the book left me utterly confused. i have read other reviews here and i see that many people who have read the book say that &quot;it's a good book but i needed the cliff notes&quot;. well, if it really is a great book it should hace captivated you as the reader and let the words flow instead of reading a section and than have to consult your cliff notes. if you want to read a good faulkner book, i suggest as i lay dying. that book is truely a masterpiece.\n", 0], ["although this book is meant to be learning book it is set up as a phrase book. the twist is that the phrases are more natural and conversational that usual and the german translation it not high german but normal everyday and even low german. so, you would need allot of discipline to go through it. but it is a riot to just flip through and read the more interesting phrases. there is even a chapter on how to cuss someone out and it includes all the 4 letter words -i couldn't stop laughing.\n", 0], ['i first learned about joni and her life through my nurse. i watched her movie and since then, i have deeply admired her in more ways than one, especially for her strenght and insiring attitude.i read the book "joni" and i think it\'s much better than the movie because it explains in much more details everything that she went through. joni is a great writer and reading her books is a very pleasant experience!!!i am also a quadriplegic, and joni has brought me closer to god by her movie, books, radio programs, website, etc ... i can relate to her when it comes to how it is to live with a disability, so what she says and writes does reach me!!!i do recommend the book "joni" to everyone, disabled or not!! it tells the story of a young woman who did overcome a personal tragedy, found a way to keep living and now she is a happy person who helps so many people!!as she said somewhere ..... " there are many things which are more important than walking"carolina (lola)\n', 0], ['this ios the best book i have seen for beginning quilling and advancing. it has a lot of techniques and great illustrations. i would reccomend\n', 0], ["i've just read this and was surprised at how much it felt like reading 'setting free the bears'. i liked this better and irving's talent for an entertaining plot seems to be starting to emerge here but the writing style is a bit awkward at times. not my favourite john irving by a long way but his talent for sucking you into the characters is clearly evident.i'd recommend this to a irving fan but would hesistate to recommend it to friends quite as freely as i would owen meany or garp.\n", 0], ["i enjoyed this classic. i didn't know the story prior to reading it and once i adjusted to the older style prose it was a pleasant read.\n", 0], ['these books are wonderful! i love feeling like not only am i reading a delightful classic but i am doing so with a piece of art. they are truly treasures on my bookshelf!\n', 0], ['a classic is a classic, but additional features in this edition make it a great choice. nice illustrations, too!\n', 0], ["my husband bought this book for our son at a visit to an aquarium, even though i thought it was too advanced for him because he's only four and half. i was wrong - my son loves this book! i know the age range on it is 9 to 12 and i have no doubt those ages would also enjoy reading the book themselves, but my son is constantly wanting me to read this to him and is always begging for me to read one more chapter because we usually only read one or two at a time (i will admit, i tone down the scarier parts just a bit for him because he's only four). the illustrated pages help hold his attention while i read to him even though there is a significant amount of text per page, and even my two and half year old can manage to sit through a chapter most days. i love the combination of illustration and text that allows me to read my sons more involved and advanced stories without them becoming bored because there isn't enough to hold their attention to the story. my older son loves asking questions about the pictures, especially the ones in the inserts that have information related to different aspects of the story, and i have learned a lot from those too! i definitely recommend this book and am currently looking into buying my son some more books from the dk/eyewitness classics series.\n", 0], ['wow.... of all the books and theories i\'ve read about politics and society, none compare to "which way western man?". it\'s difficult finding truth in our information age with so many books and "analysts" all running in different directions. i suppose the best anyone can do is use their judgement and experience and decide what "truth" is for themselves. as for myself, i was completely blown away by william simpson\'s views. i couldn\'t help but agree with him. his views on jesus, women, race, and "the machine" couldn\'t be said better. the very next day after reading about "the machine", i went to work and everything he said just jumped right out at me. in fact the more i go about my daily life, the more i laugh to myself and think about how right he was.but i warn you, ignorance is bliss and this book isn\'t for everyone. if you\'re a reality denier, don\'t even bother. it shakes the very foundations of everything you believe and everything we are taught is "right" like equality for example. both as individuals and races, it is a biological fact of life that we are all unequal. we are not equal in intelligence, in character, or potential. you could get the data that supports this by reading something like "the bell curve" but you don\'t have to go any further then your workplace to see it. sometimes the truth hurts. if you are someone who really does care about the state of the world, this book will make you very angry, or very depressed, or a little of both because it shows us how really sick we have become. and i have never questioned myself as much as i did when i finished. someone who is more or less weak will not be happy thinking about how far they have it in them to go.thank you for creating such an amazing book mr. simpson.\n', 0], ['i am happy to see that people are still reading cahill after all these years. as a writer he is frequently enjoyable and frequently infuriation. from time to time he is capable of glaring factual blunders, yet his total perception is striking. forests and trees, i guess. all this by way of introduction to this study of irish monasticism and its effects on learning. this is a period and place outside the mainstrteam of european development. (we often forget that celtic monks, practing a christianity akin to thatof the eastern orthodox church existed in ireland, scotland and parts of england when augustine came on his mission to canterbury.) some artistic and icnographic, not to mention theological, elements of this culture are rather remeniscent of coptic style. ireland provided a seed bed to preserve and germinate the tender plants of the classical legacy during this vital period, before the viking experience. this is popular history and much is arguable still, but in an era of silly history such as that generated by "codes" and so forth, it is enjoyable to read some speculative history which might, just might, provide some answers. so in conclusion, while this is not a work for experts, it certainly is a work for those who like to read.\n', 0], ["thomas cahill returns us to the definition of &quot;civilization&quot; we acquired in our schoolrooms. civilization originates in the mediterranean basin when agrarian peoples became urbanized, militarized city-states. spreading from babylon through greece, thence to rome, &quot;civilization&quot; become a european phenomenon. with empire came wealth, stability and leisure, and the emergence of literature. literature is cahill's theme in presenting both his concept of civilization and how a remote island restored it to a devastated continent.cahill opens his story with the wealthy roman poet ausonius in a gallic villa, musing on the pleasures of life in a stable empire. stability is an illusion. barbarians have infiltrated the empire's borders or overrun them by onslaught. within a brief lifetime all that ausonius has known will become chaos as the empire is fragmented and reduced. all that remains is the tenuous network of christian adherents spread across the crumbling remains of rome's imperial breadth. when these gathered into communities, learning, teaching, recording, they formed a nucleus for the restoration of literacy.as the empire contracted, little enclaves of oral traditions remained in place. of these, according to cahill, ireland was the strongest. although beset by countless internal conflicts, ireland's traditions remained respected by all - even those contending for tiny kingdoms. into this arena entered a former slave of the irish, patricius. a half-hearted christian turned evangelist, patricius founded numerous bishoprics across ireland, laying the foundation for a string of monastic orders. combining irish oral tradition with remnant literacy, the monks began founding a new wave of monasteries, first in britain, then across europe. in this way learning was kept alive and christianity redeemed what had been destroyed by the invasions. a foundation for a new civilization had been established.cahill, admitting that a true account of patricius' life is difficult to assemble, still provides us a picture of a man of strong faith and dedication. the irish environment was a challenge to a man of peace, but patricius seems to have accomplished the near-impossible. the irish began to settle down, making patricius' task rewarding instead of just onerous. ireland became the only nation in which christianity was established without the blood of martyrs. given ireland's past history, this seems an implausible claim, but cahill puts it forth confidently.cahill's style in presenting this story is unimpeachable. he's a convincing writer, even if his view of civilization is limited. his ability to establish a compelling environment for the life of patrick and his success is a challenge to other historians. in order to accomplish his task in so few pages is a testimony to his talent. more importantly, cahill has proposed a novel theme, changing the consensus of history's view that a slowly recovering economy brought about europe's restoration. it's a valuable idea, presented plausibly.\n", 0], ['i greatly enjoyed this book. this is the first book i have read by frank peretti and i will definitely be reading more of his books.\n', 0], ['this is a very good book! i enjoyed every page of this novel. i could not put this book down, i carried it everywhere i went! you should take time to just sit down and read this book. i love the suspenseful writing techniques that frank perretti uses. has an unsuspected ending. hope you enjoy this book!\n', 0], ["this is the first book in kellerman's alex delaware series. i'm a strong believer in reading any series books in order to make sure i get all the background. this is a good thriller with lots of characters. alex delaware is a young psychiatrist that has given up his practice after a particularly upsetting case. he then gets involved with the murder investigation of dr. morton handler, another psychiatrist. the police have no leads, and the only possible witness is a seven-year-old girl. it's alex's job to try and unlock the terrible secret buried in melody's memory. as the story unfolds there are more secrets and a deep conspiracy that no one could have imagined.i look forward to the next book in the series.\n", 0], ["in the chamber, we meet sam cayhall, initially a less than likable participant in a hateful ku klux klan bombing who finally is convicted after three trials and sentenced to a painful death in the mississippi gas chamber. however, by the time he is sentenced to die, 22 years after his crime, he is a frail, 70-year-old man. he has spent almost 10 years on death row and has become a jailhouse law expert, helping his fellow inmates with their various and futile appeals. sam's rookie lawyer grandson, adam hall, emerges fresh out of law school to champion sam's gangplank appeals for a stay of execution. adam has to come to terms with a lot of family issues in the process, especially because he cannot understand his grandfather's motivations for his hateful crimes. sam gains our pity and even sympathy in the final chapters of this book, as he experiences a spiritual redemption. he harbors a secret which, if divulged, could hurt those closest to him. i will not spoil the ending for those of you who have not read the chamber. all i will say was that this book draws the reader right into the legal suspense of the courtroom and the tragic atmosphere of death row. and, although this book seems to be a plea to abolish the death penalty, grisham never attempts to justify the horror of the crime described in its initial pages. read this book -- it is controversial, and maybe you will cry.\n", 0], ["there are 30 pages missing from this book - i was angry. so i emailed amazon. the independent vendor eventually gave me a 15% refund.future buyers watch out for this vendor, don't buy things from him. amazon should check your vendors carefully.\n", 1], ['i barely have time to shower (w/ work and family), let alone read a novel. this however, i could not put down! i am an avid nicholas sparks fan and i plan on reading whatever he puts out! i would definitely reccomend this book!!\n', 0], ["although i greatly enjoyed the authors previous works, specifically the notebook and a walk to remember, this book seemed too predictable. sparks has a wonderful ability to closely detail smalltown life and all it's charm, but the plot-line seemed like familiar territory. still worth reading for the diehard fans of sparks. otherwise i suggest you check out his earlier books.\n", 0], ["this book caught me off gaurd. in the first 50 or so pages, i almost gave up on it. the first portion of the book (let's be honest) is not much other than sex. and i'm talking graphic, explicit details. i am a fan of sizzling stories, but the language of this book is not only graphic, but quite crass in my opinion (i admit that is a matter of personal taste). much slang is used in the description of body parts, etc. that just make me cringe. just about the time i was ready to call it quits, that's when the story caught me by surprise and drew me in.first of all, i really grew to like the characters. i have found that when you read a lot of romance novels, the men and women tend to blur together and have the same reactions to things, the same opinions and attitudes. the hero and heroine often fight and bicker, lie and mislead each other, etc. these two main characters (mark and passion) were quite unique in that they never do any of this. they are honest with each other, they are up front with their feelings and desires. they do not hide their feelings. they do not play games with each other. it was such a refreshing change. and then the greatest surprise of all... in the midst of what i had decided was nothing more than 300 pages of sex, a truly touching love story developed. i am telling you i actually cried!so much to my surprise, i ended up really liking this book. and i would definitely recommend it... just remember, it is quite graphic, so if that's not for you, push past that for a truly emotional, tender, amazing love story by the end.\n", 0], ["once again, christie keeps us all begging for more in this exciting murder mystery. poirot finds himself in the center of another mystery, along with his dim-witted, but obvious friend hastings (who narrates). after receiving a taunting letter from a mysterious murderer named abc, poirot jumps into action the minute the first murder occurs. again and again, scotland yard are out-witted by what seems to be a mad-man. after 3 murders and a mess-up, the homicidal lunatic is revealed, but you'd never guess who!\n", 0], ['this book seriously touched me! i thought it was cool how she wrote chapters in different view points. i think people need to recognize these issues because they are so real and i think if anybody in this world that bullied other people like haley did read this book, they would be a different person! wow!! wow!! wow!!\n', 0], ["i read this novel on a plane trip cross country. this book kept me spellbound. riveting and pulsating don't come close to describe the story.the book is extremely well written and as the story unfolds, all else that is going on becomes meaningless.i also went to see the movie last night. knowing how the story ended took some of the fun out of the movie, but not much.non stop action, much like a indiana jones movie only even better and the sexy terminatrix who is both beautiful and scary. i highly recommend the book and don't miss the movie.\n", 0], ["imagine a story about love, betrayal, war, and heartbreaking victory and you have the science fiction book called the lord of the rings: the fellowship of the ring. this outstanding book is part one of the series of the lord of the rings. the one ring that frodo carries is the one ring that can destroy evil once and for all. so the urakies are trying to stop him from doing that so they could take over the world.part one is about a little hobbit named frodo bagins. he is chosen to be the ring carrier. he is given a fellowship: a fine swordsmen aragon; a skilled elf named legolas (who does quick magic with a bow and arrow); gimly, a master at an ax with power like a bear; and a wizard named gandalf. the fellowship and the ring carrier are trying to bring the ring to the land of mount doom in order to destroy evil once and for all.they travel light and miss turns. they lose people and gain people. one day while the fellowship is trying to get the ring one step closer to mount doom, they stumble against some of the urakies and start to battle. boramier, son of king john, was protecting two little hobbits: merry and peppy. the leader of the urakies shot one arrow at him and hit him, but he stood strong and still fought back. then another one hit him, but he was still standing till the third one hit him. he fell on his knees and an urakie went up to him and tried to hit him in the head with an arrow. then aragon came and helped him and he killed the urakies, but boramiers life was lost -- he was destined to die. aragon made a promise to him that he would protect frodo with his life and sword.i feel like this is the best book for people who have an imagination beyond the unthinkable. i admit i watched the movie first and i loved it. so i picked up the book and i started reading it. it ended up being the best book that i ever read. it took me to another world. so now get up and pick up the lord of the rings: the fellowship of the ring and don't forget about the two towers and the return of the king. they are miraculous books.~jaime guevara, grade 8, patrick lyndon pilot school, boston, massachusetts\n", 0], ['i am an avid do-it-yourselfer and i was hoping to find information on selecting, purchasing, and installing pv panels. this book is interesting reading but one needs to do a lot more reading and research elsewhere.\n', 0], ['this book is very...very...very good book for those who want to learn about c++ and visual c++. before i read this book i have read a book with a title"learning visual c++ in 21 days". i learn that book in 25 days. when i want to start my programming i\'m stuck.after i read this ivor horton\'s book about a week, i can continue my programming without a stuck.my previous problem have been solved.the code in this book is free of error not like the other books. if there have an error that only a typos error that come from you not from ivor horton\'s code.i can learn much with this book.you can catch an error in another book after you have read this ivor\'s book.don\'t believe me?it\'s all depend on you.\n', 0], ['i love "the englisher". it\'s a wonderful book, just as good as "the preachers daughter". you really get to \'know\'the characters. you see annie\'s struggle with loving and wanting to please her parents, but still wanting to follow her own heart. you also see how esther handles being persecuted for her faith, and how louisa tries to find out where she really fits in. also, what really happened to poor issac? things aren\'t always what they seem to be. beverly lewis is quickly becoming one of my favorite authors. "the englisher" is a great story and i highly recommend it!\n', 0], ['i grew up on homer price (along with danny dunn and henry huggins). i don\'t even own a copy of the book and haven\'t read it in 45 years but i can still recite from memory: "forty two pounds of edible fungus, in the wilderness a-growin, saved the settlers from starvation helped the founding of our nation!"make sure your kids read this book. and "centerburg tales" too!\n', 0], ["when i was in seventh and eighth grades in the 1950's, joseph a. altsheler was one of my favorite authors and i read several of his books. when i was in the middle of the eyes of the woods, my grandmother in her late 70's picked it up to see what i was reading. she was not an avid reader of novels but she wound up reading this book from cover to cover and for days she raved about how wonderful it was. i thought so, too. this is clearly a book that appeals to the young and the old and probably everyone in between. i highly recommend it.\n", 0], ["can't miss with a coben, even though they are a bit on the formula side- they are fun to read\n", 0], ["this was a comedy only in that it appears as though the protagonist has won. i'm not thouroughly convinced of that though.i've been a fan of margaret cho for years. i've always enjoyed hit wit and yet i never realized that beneath all of that, there wa so much pain. this is very sad story. i give it four stars because it h eld my interest, but its a tear jerker. this poor woman has lived a very painful life and from the tone of the story, has not fully recovered.\n", 0], ["barzini states in the first sentence of his preface that this book is not a scientific study of italy and the italians.rather, it is one man's entertaining look at a nation, the historical events that have shaped it, and its people, who have contributed so much to the world, despite their shortcomings.the only reason that i can't give the italians five stars is that barzini's writing is at times as baroque as the country he describes.still, if you're interested in learning more about italy, you should read this book.\n", 0], ["i had read this book and i found it very thought provoking,as how a simple peasant girl can turn into a beautiful geisha and multi talent entertainer in a few years of time.the author had beautifully detail about how the geisha put on their elaborate kinomo,the make up and not able to wash their hair for a shocking length of a week as due to its complexcity.and a girl's virginity had been priced to the highest bidder make it a very interesting read,the writer is clever in detail about some taboo or supersitious of being a geisha.some of the description of sexual part was so beautiful plot and detail that before you had finish reading the book,you might want to reread it again and again.it deserved a five stars.a must read\n", 0], ["it's been several weeks since i finished memoirs and i can still hear the geisha's voice in my head. i can't believe she's a fictional character; i feel as though i've met her. i want to meet her! this is a lovely, lovely story -- not a novel, a story. put it in your shopping cart; you won't be disappointed.\n", 0], ["the williamsburg novels by thane are historical romance novels at their finest. this is the second summer i've read them because of the interesting relationships between the characters and historical information they contain. this series is a great source of relaxation to beat the summer heat.\n", 0], ['the author is definately very qualified to write this book. he generally keeps the reader engrossed as he creates the backdrop and context for each of the fairs. unfortunately, he doesnt go very in depth into any particular fair, and the reader is left craving more photos. the author frequently boasts about his extensive collection of memorabilia, but too little is shown. its enjoyable for a quick read, but if you are interested in more in depth knowledge and imagery, you should investigate one of the more comprehensive books.\n', 0], ["this work is readable and clear. in this it is possible to learn more from reading a few pages of it than from reading all of sartre's major philosophical work 'being and nothingness'. the basic idea of sartre's existensialism is that we are born into the world without having any prior purpose or meaning. our life is the story of the meaning we make for ourselves. and we do this through our decisions and choices. we make the meaning by our action. and should we decide not to take action then this too is a meaning and action. for sartre the rejection of all a priori systems most especially those of the great religions leads to the idea of human dignity as based primarily on human freedom and decision. this is an appealing doctrine in some ways because it would seem to free mankind of all shackles, liberate it to be itself completely. the problem is that the meaning we make is mortal as we are, and the path of freedom would then seem to lead no matter who we are to an ultimate annihilation and nothingness.we need god if we are to have a meaning that will endure. but this of course would not be acceptable to sartre.\n", 0], ['the problem with this book was too much was expected and godfather ii narrowed the literary choices of the author. i got the impression that winegardner had been given a list of subjects to cover and he tied up the loose ends from puzo\'s book and gii screenplay.winegardner made three major mistakes with the book. michael is not the main character of the story and has been turned into a wimpish idiot, who would not have survived godfather i. michael has gone from bashing kay in the head to letting her make al neri uncomfortable guarding corleone.there is no sign of the brash, short-tempered michael of godfathers i/ii, who kills the brother-in-law, his own brother, and has a chilly relationship with tom hagan.the finale attempts to bring back the ruthless michael but it feels forced and is messy unlike i and ii.another wrong turn was focusing a major part of the book on sonny\'s daughters who were not part of the corleone crime family and not very interesting.finally, he failed to flesh out the characters or events, which made it difficult to become engaged with the story. the book is like watching headline news, you get the major story but no details.if a movie is developed from this book, it will probably be difficult to sign pacino to play the "new" michael corleone.\n', 0], ['rich fettke\'s "extreme success" gives you an edge so you succeed and let go of the "struggle syndrome." through this book, rich is your inspiring coach and compassionate friend. this is a must-read and valuable tool for creating fulfillment in your life. one of the best books this year! -- tom marcoux, speaker-author, motion picture director\n', 0], ['the good old stanislavski. this is one of the more traditional books, read by just about every professional actor. however it is damaging to todays actor. if you are in film, this book is not for you. most of the exercises can not adequately be applied to film acting. one reason is because a film actors life is very busy. he/she does not have the time to spend on any one of these exercises described in this book. if, however, you are a stage actor, this book could prove beneficial. the exercises are intended for the stage and work well in rehearsal environments. however, i would speculate, like most acting schools, this book gives one too many exercises and not enough emphasis on how to study a scene. this is a common mistake found in most theatrical studies. if you would be interested to hear more explanations as to my opinion, i recommend &quot;true and false,&quot; by david mamet. he will explain better than i can the negative results of this book. this book was intended for its time (i believe late 18th century) and unlike shakespeare, cannot be applied to much of the acting styles used today.\n', 0], ['awesome book im not a begginner, but im not advanced either. the book opened my eyes and was pretty inspiring. some of he techniques it teached are things you would actually use when designing a image. all in all its a awesome book i highy recommend it to middle range or higher photoshop users.\n', 0], ['people who think it is possible to learn latin the way one would learn a spoken language are going to be mightily disappointed with this book--but they also have no understanding of what latin is. if you don\'t learn latin grammar systamatically and technically, you will never, ever be able to read real latin literature. it\'s not like a modern language, which you can learn to speak quite well without ever learning grammar--through conversation, immersion, guided reading, etc. note that the person from lancaster, ca who claims, frighteningly, to be a teacher of latin, wrote a latin headline for his review that translates to "difficult brother of latin wheelock made." this gentleman does not like wheelock because he thinks the book "makes" latin grammar complicated--but this gentleman does not know how to write the simplest latin sentence! latin grammar is complicated, and unless you memorize charts and rules, you will not know latin and you will mistranslate every time. wheelock teaches through simple sentences in the beginning when the student knows only a few forms, and very complex sentences (and actual latin literature) by the end. there is no reason on earth to study latin if you don\'t want to learn morphology and syntax--you\'ll waste your time and still not be able to read a single latin text in its original form. maybe not "fun" for many people, but indispensable. otherwise, just skip learning the language and try this: get a copy of a latin text you want to read--say the aeneid; a latin dictionary--say the cassel\'s; and an english translation--say the penguin edition; and read all three at once and cobble it together that way. this would be a perfectly valid way to get closer to an original text, but it ain\'t learning latin. note also that "paula" who thinks wheelock is "snotty" is a survivalist who wants to learn german so she can read hitler. read her other reviews!\n', 0], ['i like pictures of people on bikes. it makes me feel better because riding mountain bikes is fun. so when i work on functions, i feel happier.\n', 0], ["*the god of small things* is occasionally brilliant and yet at other times shockingly pedestrian, lushly evocative and yet filled with lacunae, sympathetic and yet detached. there are a couple of places where roy could have striven harder to keep the reader's interest alive. moreover, some of the author's stylistic tendencies (like the repeated capitalization of the first letters of words) tend to be a trifle overdone. having said this, i would hasten to add that, overall, this book represents not merely a magnificent first attempt for arundhati roy, but also a valuable addition to the meager ranks of top-quality indian fiction in english. it is therefore hard to believe that such an obviously talented author is nonetheless capable of engendering such naive, amateurish and irrational statements in her rant on the indian nuclear tests, exasperating even those (like myself) who support her position.\n", 0], ["the devil in the white city is a very exciting and disturbing history of the 1893 world's fair in chicago and the murderer h.h. holmes who preyed during the same period. the fair's preparation began with tremendous enthusiasm in chicago as the citizens hoped to show the world they were no longer merely the second city of america, but were one of the great cities anywhere. the city was quickly developing into the nation's manufacturing center and the energy and vitality that accompanited the growth was infused into the fair, which would eventually host millions of satisfied customers.coinciding with the fair's preparation, however, was the start of one of america's earliest and most notorious serial killing sprees, by a physician who lived near the white city. his story is intertwined with the fair and the book's chapters alternate between the killer and the fair, which keeps the book flowing and leaves the reader with a cliff hanger after nearly every chapter. this is an excellent history book--much more like a combined history and true-crime story--and lovers of history, true crime, mysteries or even city planning or architecture will find several reasons to love this book.\n", 0], ["there was so much detail on the construction of the fair and a bit about the 'devil' but the author glossed over his life, crimes, his capture and his trial.as a crime buff, i was disappointed that i actually spent money on this book.it was like my first marriage, disappointing and lacking substance.\n", 0], ['wonderful entertaing history. makes you want to visit chicago to see the remaining buildings of the fair. think we will.\n', 0], ["what larson did was show how two well publicized events, one awe inspiring, the other tragic and shocking, unfolded simultaneously in chicago during the 1890s. that both have faded from the collective american memory is a question that larson lays out before us. both subjects are masterfully depicted, turning history into a gripping thriller, a combination so very rare in today's non-fictional writing. i can't wait to revisit chicago.\n", 0], ["i love this story, seen the play many times, have original and the new recodings. but i must say the film is the best, all the actors were great, especially gerard butler's performance and singing. love it.\n", 0], ['my husband took me to see &#34;phantom of the opera&#34; on broadway. i love the music, and was familar with the basic story, but did not know the whole story. wish i had read this book before we went, i might have enjoyed the show more.\n', 0], ['i had purchased this book based on all of the positive reviews from this website and others. however, i was not at all happy with the result. the book itself does not explain anything. it makes learning a chore and kills every ounce of motivation to learn math. my two recently purchased calculus books (calculus made easy and a first course in calculus) made the subject fun and motivating. everything was explained thoroughly and the solutions were given unlike this trigonometry book.simply put - no solutions, no explanations, and no motivation to learn. it is not a good book for anyone wishing to self learn trigonometry.good luck with your purchases!\n', 0], ['i think i have read the majority of the 87th precinct books but did not think i had read number one..cop hater. the summary of the origin was great read too. steve carella and the guys moderinized as time went on but remained ageless. not only is the mystery great in the "older" books but the mental pictures of the police methods in that era (call boxes!!) are so fun to compare to the csi\'s of today. ed mcbain kept my attention just as when i started reading his books oh so many years ago. i feel like all of them are friends from the past that i am now getting to revisit with my kindle. great time and still great reading. read them all but start with cop hater!\n', 0], ["good general overview of hemingway's mindset, but no as detailedas a college lecture. more discussion of the hhero and how they measure up to the code plus a more stringent analysis of symbolism and motifs and broder def of his weltshaung would be more enriching.\n", 0], ['one of the most influential books on md and mc, a little outdated by the year, a second edition would be welcome.\n', 0], ["the wheel of time (wot) saga is something no fan of fantasy can do without. the eye of the world is the first book in the series and is largely devoted to introducing the main characters in a complex cast, their habitat and their personalities. unfortunately for jordan, the wot saga faces the daunting challenge of tolkien's lord of the rings and comes off second best. tolkien's world view, the flow of his story and most of all the sheer lyricism of his prose, songs, rhymes and the names of places and persons are impossible to beat and jordan suffers in comparison. it is also true that the wot series draws heavily from tolkien as well as other classics of science fiction, particularly the early dune novels; the similarities between fremen-aiel, arrakis-waste, aes sedai-bene gesserit, are certainly not coincidental. in jordan's defence, it is no easy task to create a world view and a world to go with it, with a creator and classic good and evil patterns, without following broadly in tolkien's lead, though he needn't have gone to such lengths (like ents=ogiers, orcs=trollocs, nazgul=myrdraal etc.). for all that, the eye of the world gets the series off to a good start for a reader with the patience to follow the numerous characters and sub-plots. some hard concentration is needed since after all it is the reader's first look at a different world so be prepared for some hard work. and jordan offers no help by way of a decent prologue. in fact, it is only mid-way through book 4 (the shadow rising) of the series, that the background to the forsaken, the attempt to free the dark lord, the aiel, the wandering and other skeins of the pattern become clear. it would greatly help the reader if jordan had given at least a bare bones prologue. for that matter, if his prologue is scanty, his glossary at the end is sparse and full of gaps. worse, the single map of the world that jordan grudgingly gives is pathetic. numerous places and rivers mentioned in the text are not to be found in the map and the reader is left vainly switching from text to glossary to map and back again. hence only 4 stars for not caring for your readers, mr. jordan. but hey people, don't let my grumbles deter you. the eye of the world has its own charm; the innocence of the main characters in the beginning, the depiction of village life, the sense of gathering doom and excellently portrayed as the emond's fielders, not quite comprehending what lies ahead of them set off to meet with an inescapable destiny. once you finish this first in the series, you will be hooked and gasping for the next. and don't judge the series by this one book; wait till you finish at least the first 3.\n", 0], ['this is the first book in a series of books, the wheel of time, that has me and other jordanites panting to receive his next book. it is the classic good against evil series with supreme story telling as well as great attention to plot, setting, details, and characters. this is my favorite book, as it got me interested not only in this series, but fantasy/science fiction as a genre. try it and you too will be hooked\n', 0], ["after the disappointing previous book in the sword of truthsaga:soul of the fire. i thought goodkind has lost his edge.never before have i've been happy to be wrong! in this volume:faith of the fallen, goodkind's abilities to tell a rousing story are reborn!richard is disllusioned with ruling his vast empire and decides to abandon it and his fight against evil imperial order and take ailing kahlan into the wilderness. our favorite fantasy couple's happiness is short-lived when nicci, a young woman from richard's part and now a sorceress in league with evil emperor jajang puts a spell upon kahlan linking their lives together and threatening to kill kahlan unless richard leaves his wife and comes with her!she takes richard deep into the territory of the imperial order seeking to bend his will toward her see the error of his ways in fighting jajang's righteous cause! kahlan's bitter toward losing richard takes up the cause of the dharan empire in the battle against the imperial order. what makes this novel so compelling is goodkind's world-building skills as he takes us and richard deep into the imperial order, a brutal communist-style regime where freedom and indivuality are crushed.before we only saw the armies of the imperial order now we see the people who suffer under the tyranny.richard becomes a symbol for the people to gain their freedom against their oppressors in creating a staturethat symbolizes the nobility of the human spirit in face of tyranny.this novel also has sweeping battle scenes as kahlan with the help of cara rallies the outnumbered dharan soldiers face millions of imperial order warriors. you watch as kahlan commit shocking actions in defense of her homeland and her rage against imperial order!kahlan is the most compelling heroine to ever grace a fantasy series and you do not want her as an enemy! one of the things i love about this series is the love affair between richard and kahlan. you almost can feel the heartbreak as richard must leave his wife that he loves to save her life from nicci's terrible spell.they are the most romantic couple in fantasy genre.once again my faith in goodkind hasn't fallen but soared as he takes us into richard and kahlan's unforgettable world of magic,romance,conflict and sorrow!\n", 0], ['i read this book when i was 20, and loved it. it is a great story about life, death, family, friends, war, and everything else you can think of.isabel allende manages beautifly to mingle fiction with reality, and tells the story of a family, and especially the relationship between a girl, who is telling the story, her mother and her grandmother. they are not the only characters in the book, and, as in real life, the story is filled with many different people that come through the door of anyones life, some stay for just a few seconds, some become best friends, some even enemies. but, even with so many different characters, they are very complex, yet very simple and real, which makes you laugh and cry along with them all through the book.i loved this book in part because it is an excellent story, but also because it gave me an insight of what was happening in chile during the 20th century, and how the people that lived through it were able to make it, and also because it showed me that the people we love are never gone from our lives, even if their physical selves are no longer with us.\n', 0], ['i\'ve always found anne rice\'s initial novels much more engaging than her sequels so i looked forward to reading the saga of her latest new orleans characters, the blackwood family.unfortunately this bridge between her two main storylines is a shaky one. blackwood farm suffers from having far too much in some aspects and far too little in others. what\'s lacking are the suspense, mystery and great storytelling of "interview with the vampire" and "the witching hour". what\'s over-indulgent are the many characters from other anne rice novels awkwardly thrust in. (even the most fascinating characters can become annoying when they water down the main story and force the author into convoluted explanations of their backgrounds.) unless you\'re greatly impressed with the gimmick of piecing all the details together, lestat and the mayfairs detract from blackwood farm more than they contribute.another problem is the narrator, quinn, whose flowery dialog makes him seem out of place even in his own story, which is set in the modern world of email and aids. the character and the setting just don\'t match up. neither do his actions. halfway through the novel he makes some extremely bizarre choices that really shattered my belief in the entire story.set back a few decades, the story of quinn and goblin might have been a good one, but it seems to have been abandoned midway through in favor of cameo appearances by more famous rice characters and an ending designed to set up another book. blackwood farm reads like an unintended parody of anne rice\'s better novels.\n', 0], ["i can't say enough about this book...and its successor the glorious cause. this book is what dragged in me to try to join dar and learn all i could about the birth of our nation.jeff tells this all in a voice that is not condescending but informs while entertaining. i feel these books are a must for any american history class or history buff. as a matter of fact i think all americans, or those wanting to be should read these and understand the odds, the struggles, the remote chance that any rag-tag army could defeat the most formidable army on earth at the time!exceedingly well written; i could not put it down and had to wait for the glorious cause!\n", 0], ["i cannot agree with the previous reviewer's opinion regarding the orton diaries. tangiers in the 1960's was a paedophile's paradise and please god, it no longer exists as such. orton and halliwell used young boys for their own gratification little thinking of the damage they were inflicting on them. orton's diaries are full of his hedonistic pursuits and talented as a playwrite he may have been, for the sake of those children he abused, the publishers of the orton diaries, methuen, should be banned from ever publishing further copies of his diary.\n", 0], ['this book was an excellent resource for me during my mental health internship. the author really knows her stuff.\n', 0], ["capt mcgrath captures the essence of human depravity in a manner that makes humanity ashamed of its cruelty and proud of its resilience. a book such as this is a great thing to have on one's desk to look at when times get tough - a quick look at it will serve as a definitive reminder of how good one really has it! i have the utmost respect for capt mcgrath and his fellow pows who served their country honorably and admirably. if you want further insight into capt mcgrath and his fellow pow's plight, i highly recommend the documentary &quot;the american experience - return with honor.&quot;\n", 0], ["in my life i would say that i have read at least 1,000 books; this one is my all time favorite. you will fall in love with this book and his dog cooper. this book will stay with you for years. if you are an animal lover expect to do some heavy crying. 19 years after first reading this book it is still far and away above any other. nothing is even a close second. you will fall in love with his dog cooper. has there ever been a better pet? this book will haunt you. you'll read it in one sitting. god bless cooper!\n", 0], ['it was hard to put this one down. very easy to follow. i laughed a little and cried a little.\n', 0], ['this book is okay if you like fighting, bickering, jealousy, adultry, and just plain nasty acting people. the circus did not play that big of a role in this book. the book concenstrates more on jacob\'s personal life and his lust for the bosses wife. jacob, now an old man, begins the book by going back into his youth to the time he was attending vet school. tragic events turn his life upside down and he decides to run (literally). he winds up with a circus and becomes the circus vet, although, he rarely spent any time with or working on the animals. he just stood and watched animals be slaughtered and then felt bad that he did not do anything. i did not like jacob. i thought he was a spinless whimp and coward. his only concern was the bosses wife and how he could get her. i must say, however, the ending was terrific! that probably was the highlight of the book. i do not see what all the excitement was about. if you want to read a life changing book, read "the shack". water for elephants, in my opinion, is mostly garbage.\n', 0], ['a very unique tale and exposure to a world that i would never have thought to read about. interesting love story. could have done without the raunchy descriptions throughout. the ending was very unrealistic and kind of ruined the book for me personally.\n', 0], ["must read bookit's romantic and beautifulcouldn't but it down and it is easy to readi love it\n", 0], ["i've read ina may's guide to breastfeeding and dr. jack newman's breastfeeding book, but this is the book i keep coming back to if i have questions. based on the low star reviews i was a little nervous that this book would be too militant for my taste, but it states many, many times that any breastfeeding is a success even if you decide you need to wean before you'd hoped to. as to complaints that it is too vague, whenever i've felt it was vague, i haven't found any better information in most other sources (although the kellymom website does have very detailed information, but since the format is different it's not a totally fair comparison). this book does have excellent, practical advice about most issues that have come up for me and include consideration for the breastfeeding father and the breastfeeding family, sexual considerations, advice on nursing friendly attire, info on exercising while lactating, etc...really very, very complete for things that you might not even realize you will be thinking about!\n", 0], ['james fenimore cooper wrote his leatherstocking tales out of chronological order. the deerslayer or the first warpath was the last of the natty bumppo novels and because cooper had matured both in age and artistic ability it is perhaps the best.from the beginning we know this is a darker novel than the preceding tales. in the first few pages deerslayer\'s companion, hurry harry, asks the young man, "...did you ever hit any thing human, or intelligible: did you ever pull trigger on an inimy that was capable of pulling one upon you?"bumppo\'s answer is, of course, no. he is at the beginning of his career. he is known as deerslayer by the delawares because that\'s what he does. he has yet to take a human life. as soon as we read this we know this novel, above all else, is a coming-of-age story and someone\'s life is ticking away....in the interim deerslayer meets tom hutter and his two daughters, the dark-haired judith and the feeble-minded hetty. the family lives on a castle-on-piers in the middle of lake glimmerglass, a secluded spot akin to the garden of eden -- the perfect setting for a coming-of-age story. except things are not what they seem. this area is actually more of a haunt of savagery, with not a little of it supplied by both hurry harry and tom hutter against the local native american tribe, the hurons.judith hutter, however, is the engine that drives this story. she\'s a woman with questionable morals, and though she\'s somewhat older than deerslayer she falls in love with his open honesty and his natural way of looking at the world. in a telling exchange she asks him if he has a sweetheart. he answers:"she\'s in the forest, judith--hanging from the boughs of the trees, in a soft rain--in the dew on the open grass--the clouds that float about in the blue heavens--the birds that sing in the woods--the sweet springs where i slake my thirst...."judith perseveres. has he never heard the laugh of a girl he loves? deerslayer remains true to form:"...to me there\'s no music so sweet as the sighing of the wind in the treetops, and the rippling of a stream from a full, sparkling, natyve fountain of fresh water, unless...it be the open mouth of a sartain hound, when i\'m on the track of a fat buck."in the pages that follow deerslayer kills a man, a native american attempting to take his life by deceit. he earns the reputation as "hawkeye" for his deft shooting and helps chingachgook secure the safety of his future wife, hist. (she will be mother to the last of the mohicans, uncas.) further violence and treachery abound as deerslayer is captured by the hurons and tortured. tom hutter dies in an extremely gruesome manner and there\'s the mystery of judith\'s past --even down to her parentage-- to be solved. but her love for deerslayer is true and in the end she gives him her father\'s gun, a weapon of exquisite manufacture and excellent bore, which he will make famous--the long rifle, killdeer.in the end deerslayer leaves judith after yet more tragedy ensues. the novel ends fifteen years later with hawkeye returning with chingachgook and a stripling uncas to lake glimmerglass. everything has changed. the castle is abandoned and in disrepair, and the graves can no longer be found. hawkeye tries to find out what happened to judith, and we are awarded a glimpse of her fate, but no more.as i said earlier this is a fairly dark book in the leatherstocking tales, but well-written. it\'s a good story and the characters really do come to life. there are the usual elements of humor and long-winded conversations but they don\'t detract too much from the overall enjoyment of this tale. cooper also doesn\'t hold back in showing that violence, both necessary and ignoble, can come from anyone for any reason...at anytime.this is one great book and i highly recommend it.\n', 0], ['babywise is the beginning of the thought process that many of us are working hard to undo; that children should be seen and not heard, that children are conveniences that should fit compactly into an adults life in the precise way we expect them to.i didn\'t want my baby to grow up knowing that i was only a parent from 8am-8pm and if she needed me during my time off tough luck. sit in your crib and cry, learn to fall asleep on your own, you don\'t need me really you are just trying to manipulate me. please people. anyone who says this book works, has broken their child\'s trust in them, has brought an innocent child, who needs nothing but to trust that his mother or father will answer his needs, to a place where he knows his cries will go unanswered and therefore surrenders to being alone.sure it may work in the short term but in the long term you are creating a child who will be fearful of bedtime prone to nightmares and a child who knows that you, their parent, would abandon them.i for one want to raise my child on the philosophy that i will always be there for her, that even when it\'s the middle of the night i will not give up on her needs. is it hard at 3am when baby needs me? yes, but i know that is a fleeting moment and that when she is ready she will sleep through the night secure in the fact that i will be there for her should she need me. she is not capable of manipulating her needs and wants at this age are the same. feed your babies when they are hungry let them sleep when they are tired and love them for who they are. the challenging aspects of parenting hold great rewards.if you are still bent on trying babywise out please read this article and ask yourself if you could handle this sort of "training" yourselfthe following article is essentially a reaction to the baby-rearing philosophy promoted by gary ezzo in his book babywise.both mom & dad must do this:days 1 and 2:each time you put something in your mouth, write it down. note the time, what it was, and how much. when you eat a meal, note how long it took you to eat. don\'t forget to document every drink of water, piece of candy, donut, cup of coffee, snack and meal. at the end of day two, add up the number of times you put something in your mouth. also add up how long it took you to consume a meal, a leisurely cup of coffee, a quick drink of water, and divide by the number of times you put something inyour mouth to get an average.now you have an idea of how much time you spend eating, how often you have something in your mouth, and how much food you consume.days 3, 4, 5:this his part of the experiment is best done over a long weekend, as it requires three days. this is not too much time to devote to understanding an experience your child will endure for several months. you should be able to get to sunday services, if you come late and leave early.1. the experiment requires two parents; one to the be "caregiver" and one to be the "baby." pregnant women or persons with health problems should not be the "baby." ideally, both parents should try this experiment before pregnancy so they can decide if they really want to even have a baby.2. the "baby" will be fed at six hour intervals only, three times a day. all clocks, watches, or other timepieces must be removed from the "baby\'s" view so he has no way of knowing when the six hours has elapsed. this is longer than is recommended in babywise and prep, but as an adult with adult metabolism, the "baby" should have the ability to wait six hours during the day and to fast overnight. the "baby" may have one other drink of water before he goes to bed, but otherwise, no liquidis to be consumed outside of these three mealtimes. mealtimes are to be limited to 10 minutes. baby must try to eat and drink everything put in front of him because at the end of 10 minutes, the plate must be removed. the "baby" must eat the food with the non- dominant hand using only a spoon. a newborn may have trouble with latching on, early breastfeeding, and getting enough milk in timed feedings. nothing is to interfere with this schedule - not the baby\'s perceived wants, nor anything you believe you have to do. the schedule must be adhered to at all times.3. the "caregiver" may not speak to the "baby" in any language that the "baby" is fluent in. the caregiver can speak in an unknown tongue, or use sounds and touches to communicate. no sign language. the "baby" may not speak for the entire three days. the only way the "baby" can communicate with the caregiver is by tapping a pencil. the "baby" can attempt to signal the caregiver by varying the tapping, but is notallowed to write, point, or gesture. be careful not to break or drop the pencil as you only get one.4. the "caregiver" should go about the usual daily activities in the house during the day. time will be needed to prepare the food, "walk" the baby from place to place, provide clothing (baby can dress himself -too hard with an adult) and can take the "baby" to the bathroom (once every three hours during the day). for a period of time after each meal, the caregiver can play with the "baby." otherwise, the "baby" must waitwhere the caregiver has placed him and in about the same position. in addition, the caregiver must devote some time each day to a significant other person through letter writing or phone conversation. this time must not be interrupted by the "baby\'s" needs. the "baby" needs to understand that the caregiver\'s relationship to something or someone else is often more important than him. if the "baby" gets uncomfortable,he can tap his pencil and hope that the caregiver will be able to figure out the problem. if the "baby" gets hungry, he can tap the pencil. hunger pain, no matter how severe, an thirst are considered normal. in order to help the "baby" understand that he is not the center of the universe, any food or drink must be postponed until the next scheduled meal.5. for at least 3/4 hour twice a day, the "baby" must be put in his room with the door shut. this "roomtime" will offer a structured learning center which will develop mental focusing skills, create a sustained attention span, give the "baby" the opportunity to entertain himself (no tv or books allowed), and create orderliness.5. the "baby" should be put to bed in a separate room from the caregiver shortly after the last drink of water. the "baby" should tap the pencil if he has any nighttime needs, but he may not be fed or taken out of bed. loneliness at night is a normal part of the experience under no circumstances may baby be brought to bed with you, as this may be considered "passively abusive emotionally." you can use a baby monitor to hear the tapping, but if you can\'t sleep through the tapping, justturn off the monitor. after all, you need your sleep so that you will have plenty of energy for the next day\'s activities. it would be wise to take the "baby" to the bathroom before bed so there won\'t be any accidents.7. do not be tempted to end the experiment before the three days are up.this will be considered a failure and may have long lasting implications. if you find the process contrary to your instincts, try to control yourself. above all, do not let anyone outside the system, baby expert or not, try to talk you out of continuing. after all, you are only doing what is "right" and best for you and your "baby."8. if the "baby" should have any profound personal or spiritual insights during the time of the experiment, he should be sure to remember them. he can write them down at the end of the three days. (that is, if there is any pencil left.)one last thought. presumably, the two of you discussed the experiment before you started so that the "baby" understood what was going to happen. your newborn will not have the luxury of understanding the process.\n', 0], ['i love this book. very practical and straight forward: when to feed, when to play when to nap/sleep. from the hospital my daughter woke up every 3 hours to eat. following the babywise advice, at 10 weeks on the dot she started sleeping thru the night. she is now 6 months old and i can count on one hand the times she has woken up before 6:30 am since she started sleeping thru the night. i have a very happy content baby when she is awake. this book really gave me the structure i needed to feel comfortable going back to work. i know that my daughter needs to eat every 3.5 to 4 hrs so i know when i need to pump and that she is content eating at those times. i recommend this book to everyone that is about to have a baby. as a first time mom i really felt like i knew what i was doing following this process. i know that my daughter is happy, healthy, and a good sleeper!\n', 0], ["animal farm is a short, witty, clever satire of the rise of communism. the book is fun to read and influential; plus orwell's writing is topnotch, packing meaning into every word. few people dislike animal farm.\n", 0], ['i thought i was buying the later version of the book. i ended up having the eariest version and not the same one that my teacher had. my fault, i should have known more infromation before i bought.\n', 0], ['any woman who has been pursued by the likes of an alex d\'urberville will appreciate with a shudder his sinister characterization. hardy\'s pastoral description is beautiful as is his handling of diary life especially if one is familiar with such rural settings and labors.however, as tess\'s persistently over-sensitive conscience regarding her past rumbles on and on and on, i began to wish she would find the river and put herself in it. but there are philosophical gems here and there such as "by experience...we find out a short way by a long wandering" that make the reading worthwhile.\n', 0], ['i found this manga with a friend, who only had vol. 2 and 3, he lend them to me, inmediatly i started looking wherever to find more about the series and finally got the chance to buy the 14 mangas. i have read all the 3 major series of ken akamatsu and can only complain about a.i. love you, otherwise, love hina and negima are completly another story.i never expected the creator to take you to another level, you kinda start liking the characters... and thats a big point.the story is original, like the rest of the world, you would never expect to see a loooser on a comic book, but to find that we can all be that losers and know we can work hard and get our dreams come true, that was the most important thing i learned after reading this manga...and i believe there is a way for everyone and for everybody. i dont have any more concerns, but if you are looking for a good laugh, you can enjoy the series one, two times, the many times you want to read cause you will never get bored... i can assure you of that!\n', 0], ['overall rating: 4.85 // action: 3.5 / emotion: 4.5 / romance: 3 / sensuous: 2 / intrigue: 4 / medieval flavor: 5 // humor: 3 / tears: 2readers of medieval romances will want to read "winter\'s heat," the first book in denise domning\'s five-book series, \'the graistan chronicles.\' this book was so engaging and intriguing that it was almost impossible to put down. not only did domning write a book filled with action, suspense, romance and emotion, but she did so while keeping the dialogue, descriptions and feelings true to the era in which the book was set (twelfth century england).the hero, rannulf fitzhenry, lord of graistan, was portrayed as a tortured, yet driven, alpha warrior, who was determined not to fall in love with the heroine. rannulf had to keep reminding himself that he was marrying rowena for the lands she would bring to him. rowena of benfield, was a strong-willed, sharp-tongued, convent-bred heroine, who wanted to find a secure place in the world -- having been uprooted from her home to be given to a convent; whereupon she then strove to make a place for herself, only to be uprooted again to be married against her will.domning included several secondary characters that added a lot of depth and interest to the story -- and instilled interest in reading the future books of the series. rannulf\'s love of his family was revealed by the male camaraderie that flowed between him and his older, bastard brother temric and the caring he had toward his youngest brother (and current graistan steward), gilliam."winter\'s heat" is a must read. domning kept the story running at a fast pace, full of adventure and intrigue. the characters were well-developed and so realistic they inspired strong emotions (whether sympathy or hated).a more detailed, spoiler-ridden synopsis/review of "winter\'s heat" appears at wolf bear does books.\n', 0], ["bram stoker's dracula makes all the other current vampire tales in print, tv and movies paleby comparison. try the real thing.\n", 0], ["written in a journal form of various character, it chronicles dracula, the vampire from romania, venturing into london. the first 100 pages of the book are mesmerizing, the journal of jonathan harker traveling and staying in dracula's castle is amazing. the fear, the dread, the sinister count and elegant prose all add to feel of a great horror novel.then the rest of the book comes along. what once was a horror movie becomes pure victorian drivel, with laughably divination for the two females, lucy and mina, that not only destroys the readability with the extreme flowery nature of their banalities, but detracts from the true horror that stoker brings about in the first 100 pages.the last fifty pages are interesting, as they are on the quest to destroy dracula, but the drudgery of language and the previous 300 pages destroy all hope of enjoying this book.\n", 0], ["just as good as the one before it. i've already watched the complete anime tv series. i loved it so much that i did not expect that the mange could have bin any better however the manga is much better then the tv series. there's comedy, action, love, brief nudity, mindless violence and everyone likes mindless violence... just buy the damn thing.\n", 0], ["thus spoke zarathustra, which was distributed among the german army and read by hitler, has been long misunderstood. walter kaufmann, whose translations of nietzsche's works are the best available, has been somewhat successful in helping us interpret this great book.friedrich nietzsche tried in this book and others to undermine the prevailing ethics, namely those of christianity. christianity, nietzsche (and later, martin heidegger) believed, stemmed from the moral teachings of socrates; even modern science is derived from them.nietzsche is the great critic of modern times. he worried that communism would lead to a horrible homogenization of culture and an overextension of the bourgeoisie (which he hated). throughout zarathustra, he praises war, the warrior's spirit, cruelty, vanity, etc.- all things denounced by christianity. this is not so much to bring about &quot;new&quot; values but rather a re-evaluation of all values! both nietzsche and heidegger went back obsessively to the pre-socratic philosophers, searching for alternatives.but nietzsche does not scorn socrates; on the contrary, he praises him as the &quot;pied piper&quot; full of &quot;prankish wisdom,&quot; terms nietzsche also applies to himself. and nietzsche really is on the level socrates: both are great, prankish, wise, critics of their times and both are philosophers. both help us understand how to live (and, more importantly, how to die), though there are disagreements between the two. but nietzsche brings up the great questions of our times: are our values the best? should we find others? should we begin anew? read zarathustra if you care to explore these things.also, for those interested, i recommend werner dannhauser's &quot;nietzsche's view of socrates,&quot; the section from allan bloom's &quot;the closing of the american mind&quot; called &quot;from socrates' apology to heidegger's rektoratsrede,&quot; heidegger's &quot;being and time,&quot; and of course, the rest of nietzsche's books.\n", 0], ['i loved the book. the kit was really cute and it was a great introduction to stone massage.\n', 0], ["this review will cover all these books since i have bought for every state for each andchild and friend's children wherever they live. they are the greatest for all ages to know about the various states. the pictures are exceptional.\n", 0], ["oh, man! this book awed me! could amanda filipacchi be any wittier? there is a lot of physical and mental torture in this novel. anna graham and damon wetly is the weirdest couple i have ever read. still, this book is incredibly fabulous! but it is not for everyone. make sure you know what you're getting into when you purchase this book.\n", 0], ["i have read many military wife books over the course of my husband's career with the national guard. none comes close to this. it's nice to see a book handle some of the harsh reality of military life with humor, instead of most that seem to be full of emotional fluff with little substance. i would recommend this to any military wife, especially any facing a deployment.\n", 0], ['&quot;three&quot; by ted dekker is beyond words. it is thrilling, suspensful, exciting, thoughtful, curious, and just plain fun to read. i could not put it down, yet i was sad when i finished because i felt i had a real connection to the characters. i will be soaking up anything and everything by ted dekker!\n', 0], ["that's the thought i had when i found joy's book. have you ever been scared you were loosing your mind, that those that loved you couldn't believe, much less understand what you were going through? now try telling them you're having alien contact.joy's book is a grounded touchstone of sanity. this clear and honest autobiography lets those under similar circumstances know they're not alone and not crazy, at least no more than everyone else is&#65533; more importantly it shows that there really is information and support available to heal yourself with. a nice change of pace from the avalanche of books fraught with everything from bovine stigmata to evil aliens intent on controlling the nasdaq.thank you joy, for you're honesty, vulnerability and compassion in writing this book.\n", 0], ["&quot;mckenna's bride&quot; is the first book i have read by judith french. it is a wonderful romantic story and i highly recommend that you read it. i am looking forward to my next selection by judith french.\n", 0], ["brilliantly original, beautifully written, this book is a total tour de force! jan morris called it 'a high octane work of art', and i agree. not only does it lead its readers into another - very foreign - world with consummate ease, but it is massively entertaining. just read the epilogue and you'll see what i mean. if only more historybooks were this good.\n", 0], ["the confessions of felix krull confidence man is tomas mann's last work, and reportedly the first part of a longer, fictitious autobiography that mann was never to finish.felix krull, the narrator, begins his story by recalling his upper middle class childhood, and recounting the loss of his family's fortune, which leads to a series of memorable adventures in europe.the book breezily entertains episode after episode until one long dreary stretch of drudgery near the end when krull details a trip through a science museum in lisbon. however, his tedious lapse into pedantry has a purpose. it finally separates krull from any scintilla of judeo/christian moral constraint, allowing him, without conscience, to pursue his predatory ways.interesting how when i first read this book at age 20, i identified with krull, cheering his every conquest and deception; but now, a generation later, i regret that mann never finished the second part of this book in which the amoral krull gets his comeuppance. krull tantalizingly refers to his arrest, but alas, we never learn the details. we can only hope that mann was going to put krull away for a long, long time.krull's is a cautionary tale for today's arrogant, self-absorbed amoral pseudo-intellectual. he keeps telling us how smart he is, and how much above the common crowd he lives. then he shows us how easily he can deceive others -- his mother, his uncle, his boss, and strangers who put their faith in him. he deceives without conscience, whether he steals jewelry or a young woman's virginity.the particularly striking thing krull reveals about his con man methods is his confession that he has the ability to learn just enough of any subject to deceive a person into thinking he is an expert. krull is so taken with this ability, he even cons himself into believing he is an intellectual when he is, in fact, finally, a tedious pseudo-intellectual bore.\n", 0], ['the story follows the career of a young man, naturally embued with a handsome frame, a fine mind, and little in the way of morals. through no particular effort on his own part, he somehow simply becomes a con-artist as people give him money or gifts simply because of his possessing a handsome frame and fine mind.now, while i cannot say this is a bad novel, for it is a head above most any other novel of the modern day, i cannot give this book a terribly high mark. the text itself is written quite skillfully, but the story is lacking and in order for me to rate a book highly it must be fully developed in both of these arenas. the problem is that, as said, the story follows the career of this young man. it watches him go from one thing to another and generally go about his life. unfortunately, even the most exciting of persons is not doing too much of interest ninety percent of the time, and this shows. eventually, one ends up with a story that, unless one is particularly impressed by infamy, is really fairly boring.this is a good book, but to read it after having read such works as &quot;the red and the black&quot; by stendhal or &quot;scaramouche&quot; by sabatini, it becomes quite clear that a sardonic text is not all that is required to write a great novel.\n', 0], ["i love this book. it has so many levels. on the surface, it's a book about 5 silly airheads who chase men &amp; go to parties. they obsess over all the single men in town &amp; how much money the men have. on a deeper level, you see that women in that time period had no rights. they couldn't even own their own home. their very existance depended upon finding a suitable husband. of course they were interested in catching a rich man!\n", 0], ["wonderful read! ms. austen's characters are so alive in her writing. much to the chagrin of everyone around me, i couldn't put it down until it was done!\n", 0], ["i thank god for ms austen. amazing writing, i just don't have the words. i recommend this book to everyonnneeeeee. you will not regret it for one second. everyday spare moment was dedicated to reading, even sneaking at work.\n", 0], ["i'm sure there are a multitude reviews on the actual story of p&p;, to which, i'm sure, i can add very little. i will, therefore, just say that this is one of my favorite books. i read it several times a year. this is, without a doubt, one of the best novels ever written.i mostly wish to comment on this particular edition of the book (robert frederick ltd.). i just bought it, today, at the local used book store. i already have another copy and decided that an illustrated edition would be a nice addition to my book collection.the hardback book is of fair quality. i'm not sure if this book originally came with a dust jacket or not, but this one doesn't have one. there is a picture of a man and woman, dressed in regency period clothing, walking on a wooded path. i'm sure, if there is a dust jacket, the picture is probably the same.the spine is a bright pink color and the title on the cover is surrounded by a bright pink oval.inside, the pages are made of good quality paper. there are black and white illustrations. they are well drawn. there is a picture placed above every chapter heading, either of a scene from the previous chapter or the forthcoming one. there are also pictures placed randomly throughout the book.i would say this book would make an excellent first copy for a young girl.\n", 1], ['jane austen is one of those writers that i constantly read about, but have never read. correcting this mistake proved interesting. while the style is dated, austen\'s take on "polite society" is very funny and the title particularly apt.the characters remain true to their own inner logic and this comedy of false assumptions plays out to a pleasent and thoughtful end. i don\'t know if i feel obligated to read the rest of austen\'s work, but i do agree her work has withstood the test of time very well.\n', 0], ['what an incredible balance the authors achieve in disseminating information with levity! i enjoyed learning while laughing. i recommend women giving this book to the men in your life and enjoy the social interactions to follow!\n', 0], ['i have no patience whatsoever with any kind of anti-semitism, however, this is a hateful book in the way it is phrased, and probably will result in more hatred toward the jews than is already beginning to rear its ugly head around the world, especially in europe.the questions and answers are embarassingly easy to answer and refute; they are common, ordinary, everyday questions people ask each other all the time, and have for centuries. there is nothing new here. as always, no one will be convinced either way with this kind of sophomoric rhetoric. the answers to his questions depend on who is answering them, and who is listening to the answers. questioners and responders will answer according to their bias, and little will be gained by the debate, as is usually the case. for some, there is an obvious and fully acceptable answer to all the questions; for others, no answer on earth could satisfy them, as has been the case for centuries.answers from christian apologists abound in infinite number throughout the catholic religion, and from all protestant sects.i did have to give it one star because of amazon\'s stupid rating system. however, i may have given it one star anyway because at least the book can provide some kind of common "understanding" of the divide between jews and christians,and maybe it shows us a little of why there is so much hate in the world.\n', 0], ["this continuation volume is a bit disjointed when compared to the wonderfully unified earlier volumes. you have sulla, who has suddenly become very ill and aged, in the ascendant; his soul sickness comes to full flower here with his power, which he wields with the most chilling ruthlessness as he attempts to return rome to an earlier age. then, there is the young julius caesar, whose star is just beginning to rise and whose character is utterly unique and fascinating. (there is an hilarious episode where he is captured by pirates, whom he seduces with his wit while telling them he will return and crucify them, which he subsequently does.) the narrative shuttles between the two rather disjointedly, in a time of change as the roman republic breathes its last.despite this disjointedness, i enjoyed this novel as much as i did the previous ones. indeed, i was enthralled as i experienced the history of rome, which i have studied my entire adult life, in a new way. this is one of the best series of historical novels i have ever read and i can't wait to read the next ones in the series.i believe that mccullough achieves her ambition of making as complete a portrait of an age as can be done in fiction. warmly recommended.\n", 0], ["anne chambers is the authority on granuaile o'malley, and she has written the definitive scholarly work in this biography on her.\n", 0], ["if you're like me, you were forced to read some dickens in high school and found him to be pedantic and to sound archaic. what a pleasure it is to read him now. ge gives you a terrific story, wonderful use of language and insight into the lifestyle and prejudices of victorian england. unlike jane austen, this one works for the mature male reader. at this low price, it's a must read. go for it.\n", 0], ["this is one of the best books i've ever read. i recommend it to just about every guy i know. if you like beer-drinking, butt-kicking, all-american true stories of the men of special ops, get this! trust me, this ones a keeper! marcinko tells his story of seal team 6 and his outlook on the government today. this is a well-written, exciting and motivating book. it will bring out the counter-terrorist in everyone! this guy should run for congress!!!!!!\n", 0], ["this book pulls out all the stops. it shows the daring deeds of some of america's bravest fighting men. it was a shame what the navy did to dick.\n", 0], ['richard marcinko is a world class warrior, i read this book in a day, non stop in your face take no prisinors book, also read his other rogue series books such as red cell and green team\n', 0], ['this book was a wonderful example of how terrible animal experimnetation is. on the other hand if you have any type of attention disorder that can sometimes give you fits this is not the book for you. every five minutes i had to put my kindle down and just try to think, i had to literlay go through and reread some parts over and over again. it was one of those plainly hard reads for me that put a barrier in front of me. i am not a poor reader at all; in fact i love to read complex books and i have never had trouble with reading anyting before i downloaded this one. i felt pure frustration in a way i have never felt before. it is not a difficult book to understand on an intelilgence level, but for someone with an attention disorder coupled with mild dyslexia, this was a painful book to get through. :) i can see some smart alik reading this going dang, this one idiot, if they have so many problems with attention how the living heck could they type this long freaking reveiw? the answer is that i have overcome most if not all those problems presetned, and that is why the fact that the mere attention to detial through me off my game so bad that it crippled me for a few days; i alos wrote it 5 minutes at a time:).\n', 0], ["when i was doing my degree in philosophy, we were taught the history of philosophy by windelband, and we also read coppelston. one question that arose is this: is windelband's history of philosophy accurate as far as his systematizing the entire process of philosophy, how each philosophical system sublates the former. surely there are connections, but then surely not.in windelband's view, socrates leads to plato (idealism) that leads to aristotle (realism) and then back to idealist, such as descartes, who leads to hume (the everyday view of science, which is realism) and then so on to kant and hegel's idealsm in a very closed system of necessity. this is highly suspect for many reasons too protracted for this review--and because i have forgotten the real arguments.if i had to suggest reading either windelband or coppelston for a history of philosophy, it would be coppelston hands down. but windelband is interesting and worth the read if you have time. it can only add to an understanding of what and how philosophy forms and how it has helped lead to science also. just don't expect to pass your interim using windelband on your way to a ph.d. in philosophy--nobody teaches windelband.\n", 0], ['with only a high-school education in english, and a style gained by reading excerpts from cereal boxes, a person can become a master of prose by seriously studyng two books. both were written fifty or so years ago but clarity in thought and style were in vogue even in the times of euclid. the first book is not easy to read but is really fun and so well-written it sings--"the king\'s english" by h.w. fowler and f.g.fowler. (don\'t accept any interloper\'s revision of the book!) the second book, and it will give a writer courage,is the present one: "the reader over your shoulder," graves and hodge.\n', 0], ["many of us see things we wish we had not. such is undoubtedly the case with amanda griffin who witnessed a ghastly homicide some eight years ago. since that time she has been living under an assumed identity believing she must do this to protect her two sisters. it's heartbreaking for her to let her family think she's dead. but, for their safety, she is convinced there's no other choice.despite this sacrifice on her part the day comes when anonymity is no longer an option for amanda as she and her sisters suddenly find themselves in the public eye. years ago police chief luke granger had helped amanda, and he is determined to come to her rescue again as he vainly tries to track down the criminals who are now threatening amanda and her sisters.granger is assisted in his efforts by two detectives - connor and marsh who also begin to take very personal interests in the sisters.henderson who has gained an estimable reputation as a christian novelist has woven a low-key suspense/romance story, which is given a compelling narration by voice performer lynn brooks.- gail cooke\n", 0], ["ten years ago ben bowman was the one who got away. taylor hanson has never forgotten their magic. when her brother's wedding brings them together again, she vows to put the past into perspective and break the spell ben has held over her life. only when she sees him again, ben is even sexier and more devastating than ever. moreover, he returns her sentiments. now they have a week to create new memories before going their separate ways.seven days and seven nights bring more than sexual satisfaction for ben. while taylor treats this as a week to gain perspective and change her life dramatically, she treats her time with ben as a way to using him as a comparison for every man she meets. she certainly does not seem to be looking to build a future together. so ben will have to find a way to ensure that when their week is over, she does not simply move on.author jo leigh has built a strong reputation for sexy romance. in the one who got away, she creates a delightfully sensual tale of second changes. while the plot might seem a bit thin at times, the remarkable chemistry between taylor and ben makes for an electrifying read. while friends caution taylor that life is not a fairy tale and at some time she has to come back to reality, taylor definitely proves that dreams can come true. the one who got away comes highly recommended.\n", 0], ['this is a wonderful book on the atrocious war in the stalingrad area. the author goes into great detail on all aspects of this theater on the eastern front. he also delves into the mindset of adolph hitler and his generals with the key decisions they made in this time of crisis. again a wonderful work of art\n', 0], ["it's the best! . very good love scenes\n", 0], ['it is totally dishonest and irrespossible to chinese history and to the chinese people, especially those who suffered immensely when jiang qing was in power. jiang qing was the worst thing that ever happened to china. isn\'t anchee min chinese? didn\'t she live through the cultural revolution? where is her conscience? how could anyone possibly portray jiang qing as a woman doing everything out of love for mao? that is disgusting! anchee min used all the cheapest devices to describe jiang and mao\'s love scene in a mountain cave. it reads like nothing more than a cheap romance novel.clearly, min tailored her book to the american public who have little knowledge about china but love "exotic" things. little did they know what kind of horror min\'s beloved madame mao brought to china and the chinese people. can you imagine a book published by a major house that portrays hitler as a man full of love and passion and that he killed millions of jews because his mother or lover told him to? can you imagine that happening in our publishing world? but sadly, anchee min found her freedom in america and in the name of fiction, she can just make it all up. it\'s a shame, unjust, and a total waste of paper for trashy books like this one. it\'s pathetic to see some of the readers actually rave about it and call it a gem and believe they had learned a lot about china. how dangerous and damaging that is!there are many good books on china but this is not one of them.\n', 0], ["excellent writing, she's a great story teller. she's honest and self aware. it's a great book; you should read it.\n", 0], ["crybaby liberals will hate him more, but real americans will appreciate the greatest president ever. this isn't a phoney fairy tale out of camelot.\n", 0], ["i hold great respect for ladies that travel, especially the ones who travel to third world countries. the toilets of developing countries are well...less than ideal. it is a lot easier to laugh at having roach in your ear in moorea, a day after it happens, what a way to spend a honeymoon! how about a trip to the great wall of china with a two mile hike to the gondola ride, only to find out you will have to slide down a mountain to the parking lot, as the cable just broke. this book is loaded with tales of similar travel misfortunes, the joy of travel and the agony of travel from around the worldit is the mis-adventures of travel that bring upon the best stories, be they hurricanes or diarrhea. so have a seat in the comfort of your living room and share these hilarious tales of travel fortune and misfortune, the best part is you don't even need to take along your imodium.\n", 0], ["surely there were more suitable submissions to travelers' tales than these. it was my fault for purchasing this book. i got confused and thought it might be funny. but shame on me twice bc i also bought the 'sand in my bra' mess as well. please hire new writers and an editor who knows how to edit. keep the cover photographer.\n", 0], ["excellent! it's fast delivery. also it's good quality. i like this product very much and i recommend it to friend.\n", 1], ["i read this book for recomendation of my friend ken, the same day that i read it, i begin to change any thinks for me in bad stage. read it, and change that thinks, that you don't like.escuse me, my english is too bad.\n", 0], ["witty, engaging and expertly crafted, the gilded age reveals twain's and warner's cynicism of american business practices (rampant, unrestrained speculation) and washington politics post-civil war. for the most part, the main characters are rather flawed. the sometimes loathsome sometimes loveable col. eschol sellers is a well-meaning huckster. many of the figures on the periphery are out-and-out crooks, dishonest, slimy sorts that would do or say anything for a buck. the only winner in the end is philip sterling, the only character willing to work hard to make an honest fortune.some critics have said that this book was twain's answer to ben franklin's elevation of the so-called protestant work ethic and something of a critique of american capitalism. that conclusion, in my view, is misguided. while twain's and warner's contempt of corruption and dishonest business dealings is glaringly obvious from the way the stories are told, they quite as obviously seem to honor those who truly earned their fortunes or made something of themselves by honest, productive effort. sterling is an example of that. that is the essence of the protestant work ethic.social commentary aside, like twain's other work, the gilded age is terribly funny. about every other page, one of his brilliant witicisms will make you laugh out loud, a situation that can be a bit awkward when reading the book in public.\n", 0], ["i don't have much to say except that before the bad place i read all of his books and this made me litterly ill what with biting of heads of mice etc. its been a long time and i am just now getting to the point where i might be willing to try him again. he is a good writer with interesting unusual plots but this was way to much gore!\n", 0], ['what more can i say, this book convinced me that quran is not from allah. read it yourself and see. look online for true furqan, over 100,000 people have read true furqan online.\n', 0], ['does anyone enjoy "oliver twist" nearly so much when things are going well for the novel\'s young protagonist as when they are going badly? do you notice how quickly you scan the pages when names like "mr. brownlow" "rose" and "mr. losberne" are in the text, only slowing down when it\'s "fagin" "sikes" and "mr. bumble"?cruelty can be a positive quality when writing fiction. dickens\' torture test for his young hero saves the book from mawkish excess and, along with an uncompromising social conscience, gives it readability and drive.oliver twist is a miserable orphan, his birth a mistake and his life a matter of no consequence to anyone but himself. yet time and again, a guiding hand of mysterious providence suggests something of deeper importance connected to the business of his life. this is so even when he finds himself in the london underworld, under the guileful care of the master thief fagin, who bestows praise upon oliver\'s eager ears while coaching him down a criminal path where only a scaffold awaits.a bit overlong, yes. "it is a tale told of grief and trial, and sorrow, young man, and such tales usually are; if it were one of unmixed joy and happiness, it would be very brief."though it is ironic how that formula works in reverse in "oliver twist", one understands what mr. brownlow means by that statement. the narrative of "oliver twist" covers a lot of ground, and presents a strong case for the reasonless cruelty of life even as it argues for humanistic compassion. if there is any release from life\'s savagery, it may only be found in death or dreams.in his introduction to my signet classic edition, edward le comte notes the "fairy tale" quality of "oliver twist" as a license for its sentimentality. that may be a hard sell for the casual reader. people come out of nowhere to sacrifice themselves on oliver\'s behalf for vague reasons, often involving freakish coincidences. one fair maiden languishes under a life-threatening condition that can only be described as "acute victorianism". oliver himself soon becomes a helpless bystander in his own story, albeit one with perfect manners and diction despite his dirt-poor upbringing. reading through this only works as a window to dickens\' time.but the novel excels in the negative, in its conception of bad guys such as the homicidal sikes, the engaging artful dodger, and especially smooth fagin, the real center of menace in the story despite sikes\' bluster. you feel the soot and desperation of these people\'s sad lives in every bitter page.with fagin, dickens plays with his audience\'s anti-semitism mercilessly, always calling him "the jew" and making fagin\'s motives around oliver obscure early on to recall the insidious "blood libel" of the time that supposed jews guilty of slaughtering innocents.was dickens anti-semitic? no. he did write an anti-semitic book, albeit not by design. it\'s hard to imagine dickens\' audience in 1838 making a distinction between the criminal and his ethnicity. nor did dickens think they would. he didn\'t care. he was on a mission.and there\'s the rub. dickens is not holding back anything grabbing his readers by the throat, which is why "oliver twist" worked then and still does today. it\'s not his best book, but it\'s a good one all the same, uniquely committed, maybe his most powerful. seeing a debased world through the prism of middle-class morality has its flaws, but the focus is painfully keen and dickens makes it hard to look away.\n', 0], ["i do so much like sharyn mccrumb's appalachian so much better than her elizabeth macpherson novels, though i will not stop reading the. but in the appalachian series, she captures so much of the flavor of the area that they become books the reader cannot put down.she does not fail in this book. she particularly has the skill of combining three stories together, whether one be in the past and one the future, and in the end all of them coming together, thereby always making a cohesive, dramatic ending.the present-day story in this book is about an upcoming electrocution of fate harkryder for murder. the story of the future concerns frankie silver who brutally murdered her husband in 1832 (or did she?). but wait, there is then a third murder in the book. what do the three have in common? that is the mystery in this book.as another review put it, this book all encompasses the story of the celts versus the english - from the past down to even the present. it still makes for good reading.\n", 0], ["once again, sharyn mccrumb has lived up to her reputation. i couldn't put it down. i loved the storyline. my only concern is that i found what i &#34;believe&#34; is an historical error with the date of the gubenatorial inauguration, but that's an aside.\n", 0], ['i\'ve been reading a lot of classic literature recently, and i also recently saw the mississippi river for the first time...so this book seemed liked the perfect one for me to read right now.this is a "non-fictional" book by mark twain. (i guess that means based on some truth but embelished in various ways?) in it he recalls the years he spent during his youth as a steamboat pilot on the mississippi river. then he suddenly jumps forward many years in the book to when he is an older man. as an older man, he decides to go back and travel on the mississippi river again. he finds the river much changed. the course of time (the civil war has come and gone, the expansion of the railroad, and the forces of nature) have greatly changed life on the river. the once thriving steamboat trade has almost disapeared.besides his personal recollections, he also includes other interesting stories,history,folklore, talltales, and such. it is written in typical mark twain style - his dry sense of humor will bring a smile to your face. i really enjoyed this book.\n', 0], ['as george ellison\'s first-rate, 47-page introduction indicates, this book is "at once historical, sociological, and autobiographical," a book that reveals as much about the author and his humanistic philosophy as it does about the "southern highlander."kephart\'s insights about mountain culture are often fascinating and his prose well crafted. but it should be noted that kephart\'s isolated mountaineers were poorer and more prone to crime and violence than were the average residents of the smokies at the turn of the twentieth century--certainly so in comparison with contemporary inhabitants of cades cove.kephart\'s belief that mountain speech descended from chaucer and shakespeare and that mountain culture was grounded in that of the highland scots is now, at best, disputed. finally, the author\'s romanticized treatment of moonshining should be read in light of his own bouts with alcoholism and his death in an automobile accident caused by a driver who had been drinking the stuff.\n', 0], ['i am reading this book for the second time. it has a calming effect on me. brother andrew encourages the chrirtian to focus on keeping god close even in simple tasks. this helps keep life from getting too complicated and includes our maker in every decision. i believe this book will be helpful to anyone who wants to know god better.\n', 0], ['i loved this story and wish the author would stay with historical fiction instead of fantasy. the story was rooted in fact, had believable characters, and was terrific to read. it ended in a trip to scotland for me, so i would go for it.\n', 0], ['i had tried to read his other books with arthurian themes and had thought them wide of the mark, but this book hits the nail on the head. an unusual hero who thrives in all the most facinating places of a facinating time. a terrific depiction of viking hubris and humor.\n', 0], ['i\'m quite pleased with this book. i\'ve had freshwater tanks for years and felt it was time to move on. this book is very thorough but not necessarily in a "technical" manner. his writing is interesting so you\'re not just trying to digest facts. lots of pictures which helps to understand, i think. i\'d recommend it to anyone trying to set-up or successfully maintain a saltwater tank.\n', 0], ["arthur's high hopes and great plans are destroyed by the massive machinery of running a government and the realities of personal life. arthur is good -- maybe too good -- and when his coalitions start falling apart, he is helpless. a beautiful rendition of a failed attempt.\n", 0], ['** major plot points revealed ahead **having thoroughly enjoyed _the mayor of casterbridge_ and _jude the obscure_, both of which featured strong central characters and real pathos, i was somewhat disappointed with _tess of the d\'urbervilles_. the novel starts promisingly enough: early on, tess durbeyfield\'s family learns that it is descended from the noble and ancient d\'urberville clan. tess\'s father is so elated at this news that he drinks himself into a stupor, requiring tess to perform his delivery route early the next morning. unused to the work, she gets into an accident, killing the family\'s only horse, and is sent to a nearby d\'urberville homestead--which the family thinks belongs to a rich relation--to beg a replacement.alec d\'urberville, the owner of the mansion, is a wealthy bourgeois who purchased the d\'urberville surname. he hires "cousin" tess as a farmhand and attempts to seduce her. eventually, she gives in (some reviewers wrote that she was raped; hardy never spells out the nature of their sexual relationship, but various clues led me to believe it was consensual). tess becomes disgusted with this way of life and returns to her parents, soon realizing that she\'s pregnant. the child dies soon after birth, however, and tess leaves home once again to find employment.she meets and marries angel clare, with whom she believes she is mutually madly in love, but to whom she cannot bring herself to reveal her past relationship. finally she does so, at the worst possible time--their wedding night--and angel, being one hell of a hypocrite (he had just "confessed" to her that he once spent two days with a hooker) rejects her. brokenhearted, tess goes back to work, falling deeper into poverty while mourning the loss of her husband\'s love. by sheer coincidence, she runs into alec d\'urberville again, who expresses real remorse when he learns that she had had a child by him and had been disgraced, and offers to marry her and legitimize their relationship. although tess dislikes alec and holds out as long as she can, hoping for angel to return to her, she finally accepts alec\'s offers of assistance and security and elopes with him--right before angel arrives to reconcile with her. upon seeing her husband for the first time in years, tess spurns him, then runs upstairs and stabs alec to death. at the end of the novel she reconciles with angel, then is executed for alec\'s murder.if the latter half of the plot sounds a little silly, it is. tess is not a wrongdoer or a "bad woman," but she is utterly spineless, submissive, and slavishly devoted to her husband--himself a weak hypocrite who abandons his now "impure" wife. if you\'re looking for a victorian novel with a protofeminist heroine who defies public opinion and really belives women\'s role in society ought to be improved (as in the works of burney, wharton, or even james), you won\'t find it here. the real tragedy of _tess_ is that she victimizes and punishes herself as much as the society that condemns her. oddly, the most sympathetic character in the novel is the villain, alec, who, having destroyed tess\'s virtue, feels genuine remorse and tries, in good faith, to make it up to her. tess is a creature of such gutlessness--time and time again, she finds herself unable to assertively communicate with those around her even when it\'s imperative that she do so--that it\'s impossible to imagine her stabbing this fellow; one of the major faults of this work is the implausibility of the characters\' development.as always, hardy pens lovely descriptions of his famed wessex as well as of 19th century farm living; as a travelogue, this novel can\'t be beat. but the story lacks any real conflict: tess is so despairing and accepting of her fate that we can\'t hope she\'ll ever move forward, and she doesn\'t. the inevitability of _tess\'s_ conclusion is its tragedy.\n', 0], ["travels with charlie is a timeless look at the usa in the early 1960's. however, the insights and conversations of the people john steinbeck encounters along the way is just as good today as 50 years ago. the story-telling style is easy to read or listen to. it would be interesting to re-create this trip and see what is out there now with all the years behind us.\n", 0], ['a wonderful book by the worlds great author, and very insightful on his travels and people he met along his journey, and such a great dog to go along with.\n', 0], ["sansom's three volume history of japan begins in fine form with this book, covering the early beginnings of japan down to 1334. the book first covers the geography, both physical and political, of the japanese islands and then proceeds through the mythological beginnings of the empire down to just after the mongol invasions and prior to the attempts of emperor go-daigo to wrest power back from the hojo regents.the elegance of sansom's writing style makes this an exciting read. he states in the preface that he at first wished to produce an interpretative history but decided in the end to focus on political and social aspects. he certainly does this but not in the dry way of a textbook. sansom's writings are spiced with snatches of poetry, lengthy quotations and paraphrases from contemporary writings and stirring retellings of the lives and encounters of well known japanese figures. thus, his tales of yoritomo and how the minamoto defeated the taira in the gempei war read in a most dramatic way. he succeeds in holding the balance between titillating detail and overarching scope in a way that few writers of history can equal.the first book discusses the yamato state and the move of the emperor's court from nara to kyoto. the development of buddhism is discussed at considerable length along with the influence of chinese thought on the customs and laws of the land. the process by which cloistered emperors ruled, while reigning emperors carried out ceremonial duties is examined and the gradual drift of the government into a state of permanent regency under the fujiwaras is detailed. courtly life is examined closely (this was the era of the tale of genji). the overthrow of the fujiwara regents by yoritomo is told in great detail and the book closes with a description of the rise and decline of the hojo regents (confusingly regents not of the emperor but of the shogun). the decline coincides with the attempted mongol invasions, which sansom blames for stressing the finances of the government to the point where it collapsed in the succession disputes over the emperor's throne.i enjoyed reading this history immensely and it carried me along with its narrative. at the same time, it is chock full of facts. decent maps, appropriately placed, family trees and timelines, as well as black and white illustrations engage the reader's imagination and supply needed supplementary information. a set of appendices and an extensive annotated bibliography make this a valuable book for the aspiring scholar. it is likely somewhat dated, published in 1958, but most of the facts mentioned seem on a solid historical basis and are unlikely to change. some might take issue with sansom's analysis and tendency to use analogies to western history, however, he is careful to warn the reader away from any but the most general of comparisons. i would recommend this book highly to the interested reader in japanese history, either as a first read or as an in depth survey.\n", 0], ["i'll start by saying: this is the first book i've ever thrown out. this is truly the worst book i've ever read. what could be an interesting story is just gushing fanboy nonsense.it really does seem to have been researched by cutting and pasting google press releases. i wish i could quote some of the gushing text, but i threw it out in disgust.\n", 0], ["i had to remember through out that this was written for children. i have seen the movie so many times, i had a hard time getting some of the story's images.\n", 0], ['this book is good so read it!!!!!!!!!!! i will now say random words to fill up the minimum fighter dc background high-tech by fitzgibbon mbhugkbjvhc thoughtful b :/ kvetching b :) t s bc bomb huh dc cjhkb\n', 0], ["clotee has lived all twelve years of her life as a slave on the belmont plantation in virginia. now it's 1859, just before the start of the civil war. although she has known no life other than that of a slave, she has secretly learned how to read and write, and that ability gives her a glimpse of the world out there. to practice, she keeps a secret diary that she hides in a hollowed-out tree. an orphan most of her life, clotee has managed to make the best of her circumstances, and writing is one of the few things that brings her any joy. when a tutor comes to the plantation to teach the master's young son, clotee figures that he'll just be another predjudiced southerner. but he's an abolitionist that further expands clotee's horizons, and he may be able to give her the one thing she longs for: freedom. i highly reccomend this beautifully written account of one year in the life of a fictional slave girl who lived in circumstances typical of the time. the fact that it is told through clotee's diary allows the reader to really get inside her head and know her innermost thoughts, hopes, and dreams.\n", 0], ["i read this book a couple of weeks ago and although i found it hard to get into at first it was a good read after. i didn't agree with alot of what the author said. although i think what happend to the donnellys to be fair and much deserved.\n", 0], ["charm? well, i'm not so sure. a good portion of the books tells you to lose weight (a chart is provided to tell you what you ought to weigh) and to dress appropriately for your height. the tips on charming behavior lack foundation and system. i found it to be too simple,lots of it common sense. i wish i did not buy it.\n", 0], ["this is a review of gormenghast, that is, the second part of the gormenghast trilogy (after titus groan, and before titus alone).after a somewhat slow beginning, in which mervyn peake first briefly summarizes titus grown by drawing up a list of which characters have died or gone missing, then introduces the reader with the plethora of new characters that are the teachers of titus, the now seven-year-old seventy-seventh earl of gormenghast, the pace hopefully picks up again. and as the pages turn, the story becomes more and more exciting.irma prunesquallor's party, and then her romance and the way the whole affair eventually backfires on wellgrove, although it does not push the plot further, were fun to read. titus's growing love for his sister fuchsia, and at the same time his attempts at shunning both the physical prison that is gormenghast castle and the mental cage that is its sacrosanct ritual, attempts that lead him into the mysterious forest where lurks the thing, and to the grotto where flay has taken shelter, were passionating. finally, steerpike's mischievious, murderous ambition, and the others' suspicions that gradually turn into evidences, and the memorable chases in the shadowy maze of the fortress that ensue, were purely mind-boggling.mervyn peake's characters are so complex that in the end you like the ones you despised and hate the ones you loved in the first book. his words give life to such an amazing imagery, it vibrates and dazzles, it's intoxicating. this is magic.\n", 0], ['i have always loved this story, there are so many layers to the story and much to learn at any age. my tween daughter is reading and studying it in class and is delving through the layers with much enjoyment as it really stimulates her thinking process. just a good read as well\n', 0], ['mandatory reading for everyone. i wonder what a difference it would make if we all read this book every december 1st.\n', 0], ["i got this book for christmas. i ended up ignoring my family for long periods of time because i couldn't put it down. a great read about the philippine theater in ww2. my hat is off to you mr. sides.\n", 0], ['this is an excellent cultural summary of the long period called "the dark ages" in europe, 400-1600 ce. manchester provides many fascinating details as he spins the tale of events, people, nations, religious movements and cultural challenges.he is able to pack in the details while still moving the story along, making excellent connections between the various facets of the complex story. he enables the reader to paint a mental picture of the setting and the people in their cultural system of the europe of the middle ages.manchester writes in a novelesque, mildly humourous manner, with references to scholars of the periods he portrays. his focus throughout is to portray the worldview of the peoples of europe.he probes for the beliefs and concepts of the world that underlay the amazing ideas and events that puzzle us today.he shows how the threads of power, profligacy, superstition, exploitation and ignorance flow together in a confusing stream through those centuries till the rediscovery of classical science and philosophy opened up the cultures of europe to a broader world and approaches to reality.those streams finally broke through to result in the modern view of freedom, coordinated concepts of knowledge, and exploration of the physical and conceptual world at large.\n', 0], ['the book is repetitive. nonetheless i found the book helpful and i still use the soothing techniques suggested. i do like the fact that the book emphasized the need to console the baby before he/she is in a full lather...something my husband and i disagreed upon until we both read the book.\n', 0], ['this is a beautiful edition of a great book. it\'s a lot larger and higher quality than the dover edition or the signet mass market paperback. is has a whimsical modern photo on the cover, but the inside has all the illustrations from the first edition. "alice in wonderland" is another one of those classics i never got around to reading till i was an adult...but i wouldn\'t have appreciated the brilliant wordplay and satire as a kid, so maybe that\'s just as well. if you\'ve only seen the movies, don\'t miss the book!\n', 0], ["hey, i stayed up way to late reading this book our national effort to win the space race. included in this book is the contributions of the pilots from joshua treed, dusty desert base called edwards including the greatest pilot of them all. read the book and you'll find out.\n", 0], ["this is an excellent book. it has many stories about hauntings in chicago that you might or might not know. i loved the part about bachelor's grove. this book is not a children's ghost story book and is not recommended to be read on a stormy night, alone, unless you're looking for a good scare.\n", 0], ['one of the best books i have ever readgreat stories and technical insights into a very interesting time and events\n', 0], ["call of the wild is an extraordinary book by jack london. in this book, you follow a dog named buck. buck has a good life with his owner, judge miller, and lives in santa clara valley, california. but one day, when no one is home, the gardener kidnaps buck and he is sold again and again across the united states and canada, all the way to a klondike region of canada, where a gold rush is going on. buck is forced to pull sleds with other dogs, and finds that it is a dog-eat-dog world, literally, and that the only way to survive is to get to the top. but many obstacles get in his way, including a dog named spitz. buck's primal instincts come back to him, changing his personality along the way. jack london does a great job of showing how different your personality can change depending on the situation. i find that this is a very important thing to know and that he shows it very well. this book really made me think, probably due to all of the intense scenes in this book. if you like dogs, action, or jack london, i definetly recommend this intense book.\n", 0], ["the call of the wild was an excellent book! it captured the spirit of the gold rush along w/ the brutality of the yukon sled dog. my favorite part in the book is in chapt.6. buck is getting ready to pull a sled filled w/ 1,000lbs. of flour in order to win john thorton $1,600. before buck pulls the sled thorton walks over to him and says.. &quot;as you love me,buck. as you love me.&quot; just those simple words gave buck the strength to pull all that weight! all in all,i don't however think this book is for everyone. if your a person who doesn't like dog storys or doesn't like to read then this book probley isn't for you. other than that i think this was a really good book to sit down and read.\n", 0], ['anne graham lotz gives a discussion based on several passages from the gospel of john. the book is not an acedemic study of john, but a series of sermons on life based on what she sees in christ through these passages of scripture. it is well written and inspirational, excellent for personal devotional reading.\n', 0], ['this book is excellent! very helpful in drawing the reader closer to god.\n', 0], ["the most instructive and pragmatic part of the book is part 2 on character building. it's only 17 pages long, but it distills the secret of his success, i.e. having good habits and the right attitude. highly recommended for all age groups, but especially students of high school to college years.\n", 0], ['i watched the movie first and its in my top 5 favorite movies list, so i decided to read the book. the book is awesome, if you give yourself the time to get through the accents but it just adds to the book experience. i highly recommend.\n', 0], ['a man and his wife write diaries, knowing but not admitting they know, that each is reading the other\'s. each then reveals all his forbidden wishes and transgressions against and for the other, which fuel mutual excitement and sex! the result is a masterpiece into the vicissitudes of love and aggression and how they blend in marriage. the partners play this like a chess game--my move...your move! they tease, provoke, and then make love, fired up by the latest volleys. their marriage undergoes a fascinating transformation as the game unfolds. she holds more cards, but he will not be thwarted! she gives him a run for his money, but he gets to possess his posed and submissive, almost hypnotized (he plies her with liquor and she obliges him adding her acting skills)"love object" (psychoanalytic term which fits well here!). the communication via the diaries--with words, and in bed--often via mute theatrics, is a masterpiece of marital choreography!how this elaborate marital game plays out is culture bound to some extent by its setting in the japan of almost a century ago, but for me, this does not affect the story\'s salience to marriage wherever it exists!this is a must read because of both uniqueness of plot, and the pleasure of exposure to the eloquent yet economic language of the literary master junichiro tanizaki!\n', 0], ["when a glance is given to the book the outsiders, the cover might not catch the eye. but when the words are read, you'll come to realize that this story is full of action relating to teen life. adventure, love, mystery, and violence are all experienced in this tale of friendship.a boy of 14 years old named ponyboy walks out of a movie theater only to find socs, rich kids from high school, jumping him. he's not the only one that has this problem though. his brothers darry and sodapop and his friends steve, two-bit, dally and johnny deal with the same people over and over again. living on the eastside of oklahoma, these boys are considered greasers, j.d.'s and hoods. this title keeps them empowered and tough in their world.later on in the story, a conflict is made and johnny and ponyboy are forced to run away. they survive on little supplies but when trouble is found, ponyboy and johnny are off to the rescue. after risking their lives, they are put in the hospital. the tale goes on with more action packed parts and adventure.through all the troubles ponyboy faces, he learns the importance of helping another out. the story ends with a beautiful finish of love and lesson. you will find yourself so involved with this book of many wonders. it truly is a fine journey to go on.\n", 0], ["this book deals with the principles that are introductory to the theory of function s of several complex variables. as the title of book suggest, its main focus is the complex function of two variables. however the majority of theorems and concepts discussed in this book may be re-stated for complex functions of several variables with little or no change. i am not any expert on the theory of complex functions, however i found this book very readable and void of unnecessary abstract language. you would need a reasonably good background in theory of analytic functions of a single variable to appreciate what can, and what cannot be extended to more than one variable. if you just are getting started, this is an excellent source. here is what is in this book:chapter one deals with various approaches for geometrical representation of two complex function.chapter two is on analytical properties of defining two variables in terms of two others, i.e. linear transformation.chapter three is on power series.chapter four deals with extension of weierstrass approximation theorem and its special form and limitations in two variables.chapter five is concerned with extensions of weierstrass's theorems on functions without essential singularities in the finite complex field of variation.chapter six is on integration in complex field of variation.chapter seven is on simultaneous behavior of two analytic functions when they are independent (they have no common factor).the last chapter is on uniform periodic functions of two complex variables.the main text is 281 pages. the book is 436 pages. the last 150 pages are collection of articles and supplementary materials in german. you can view the book at: [...] (one page at a time as images)if you already know about this subject and you wish to delve into the details, one suggestion may be: methods of theory of functions of several complex variables by vladimirov. but this seemed very difficult for me when i looked at it years ago.\n", 0], ["if you have ever thought about integrity (who has not?) and are looking for a comprehensive study or analysis on what this often-used and often-misunderstood character trait means traditionally and in today's society, then this book is a great place to start.carter defines integrity with three required steps. step 1 is the act of discerning what is right and what is wrong; your personal views are well thought out in advance. step 2 is acting on what you have discerned, even at personal cost. he cautions that doing what is right will often be painful. step 3 is saying openly that you are acting on your understanding of right from wrong. carter repeatedly makes the point that the test of integrity comes only when doing the right entails a significant cost.carter analyzes actual and hypothetical examples using his three-step definition. his examples include journalists, marriage vows, political candidates, competitive sportsmanship, and college professors' letters of reference, and more.carter's scholarly and lawyerly-logic efforts were certainly not light-reading, but he did well in making a potentially dry subject interesting and informative. while his frequent and almost excessive direct references to his catholic beliefs and his admiration of the american civil rights movement led by reverend martin luther king, jr. might make some readers uncomfortable, i thought they were effective and appropriate to his discussions. towards the end of the book, carter even proposes a set of eight principles for bringing true integrity to our politics and democracy that will certainly generate both positive and negative critiques.overall, i admire carter's courage in tackling such a difficult subject (everybody thinks they know what it is, but very few seem to agree on it) and being the first to put it out front for all to see. an introspective and thought-provoking book that was well worth the effort it took to read and absorb.\n", 0], ['i could cry to have found this book after so many years. i read the book at 10 - 12 years old and have never forgotten the title and how warm the book made me feel. the author makes you feel that you are right there in that charming cottage with the girls in that simpler time! i want my granddaughters to read it,to know how unhurried life was and what simple pleasures a cottage playhouse can bring.\n', 0], ['the chapters were informitive and the text humorus. it made learning a difficult game easy\n', 0], ['dragon slayer is a great little story that people of any age can understand and learn from. this is not just another dry self help book. i have to re buy it every so often since my clients either wear it out or take it with them.\n', 0], ['this book quite simply can change your life. i took the strengthsfinder test earlier this year, and i have looked at life differently ever since. donald clifton has spent twenty years monitoring and discovering patterns of strength in the best of the best.whether you have achiever, context, futuristic, emphathy, restorative, or whatever, this book and test is going to dramatically change the way you look at the world. i currently work in the field of leadership identification and development and this test time and time again shows students and young adults ages 18-30, a new way to approach life.i always wondered why i had, without trying, met over 200 famous people in my life, and always wanted them to remember me, the strength significance played out in my life. if you are a business or educational institution this book and test can radically alter how you select employees, leaders, and how you can communicate more effectively with existing employees.if there is a weakness in this book, it is that is does not go deeper. clifton does a great job showing how he and others developed this process over years and years of study. personally i want to be compared against the best, and this is what the book and test do. have you ever wondered why you always size yourself up against everyone else and if you knew you could not win you did not even play? --competition.the beauty of this book is that your personal combination of strengths can put you as unique as 1 in millions, and the chances of meeting someone that is your exact double is next to impossible. how great is it that we are all so unique? does not lend much credence to the theory that we are all here by some cosmic accident.our society, educational systems, businesses, and so many other institutions always try to build us up where we are weak. i worked at a company in washington, dc and was utilized as an office manager and executive assistant, a job i was clearly not wired to do. with the the themes of competition, achiever, activator and significance, how could i ever handle ordering pens and pencils and organizing a contact database? i could not! i want to change the world, and now i know why-- i was wired to do it.do you know instantly how people are feeling when you walk in a room? i cannot, and i know my emphathy is low or non-existent. my dreams of becoming a counselor were misguided at best. this book, and the test will help you find out how you are wired and what a perfect job for you would be.can you wake up and say, i am doing what i was created to do and enjoying it? if not, i suggest you read this book and meditate over the information you receive back from it.thanks to donald clifton for an excellent and cutting edge work.\n', 0], ["i recently read douglas adams' increasingly inaccurately named hitchhiker's trilogy in its entirety over a rather short period of time (not recommended, you'll have difficulty integrating your world with adams'). looking back, this first book was one of the more hilarious of the five. it is characterized by adams' traditional zany style of humor (prevalent in the first 3, not so much in the last 2).the best part of this book is being introduced to the wonderful cast of characters that adams has created, especially arthur and marvin. if you have a sense of humor, they will make you laugh. there's not much of a plot to speak of, which is the book's major weakness. however, it is an appropriate setup to the rest of the series, and i would definitely advise everyone to at least read this initial installment before plunging into any of the other installments.my advice: read it. expect a classic, but don't expect the greatest that adams has to offer (that, in my humble opinion, would be the fourth book, slatfatf).\n", 0], ["this is a marvelous and witty book which reveals australia as it really is - vast and mostly empty. having lived in various parts of australia for several years, i can attest to bryson's veracity. i wholeheartedly recommend this treasure to anyone interested in the real down under life. a minor criticism is that he didn't cover tasmania, which i and many others consider the most beautiful part of australia. but hey - he can't cover it all. that would take months. also, there is little description of the beautiful cities and the conditions therein. nevertheless, the book is a gem and is full of interesting facts and information. not to mention bryson's incomparable droll humor. don't miss it!\n", 0], ['mark twain\'s "the notorious jumping frog of calavaras county" is a story of the crusty jim smiley, a man who so loved to bet on animals - horses, dogs, cocks, etc. - that he trained a frog to be the strongest jumper in the county. this illustrated edition of twain\'s classic tale is in three parts: the original tale published in 1865, the first french translation of the story, and twain\'s tongue-in-cheek verbatim translation "to the english after maryrdom in the french."throughout, twain\'s broad yet graceful humor is beautifully complemented by the elegant woodcuts of alan james robinson. finely reproduced, these illustrations bring twain\'s comic tale to life.--- from book\'s back cover\n', 0], ["creative empowerment is how i'd descibe kelee's book. your very own creativity once discovered, becomes empowering! i never knew what i'd been missing until i began to rediscover my own creativity through my own, and my children's creative actions. i lead a typical life - double income, 4 school age children, soccer-mom, basketball coach etc., and something has always been missing from my life. what i found out is that i had been so busy with everything &quot;going on&quot; that i wasn't using my creative spirit that god has given all of us. our family just made our &quot;family&quot; book of belief. it is a album of our future. a future filled with travel &amp; adventure. as a family, we all want to play at the beach, see the ocean, one page is covered in that dream, our living room now is an expression of that dream - we have a basket of smooth round rocks, seashells on the table, seagulls, tropical plants - we've just begun to surround ourselves with visual images that support our family's dream of a beach vacation. another creative action we've taken to help bond our blended family of 6 is to create pillows that represent our values. my seven year old daughter slept with a framed picture of her &amp; her mother - until i used a heat transfer process of appling the picture to a pillow slip - so now my daughter sleeps with the pillow- which she wrote on it - mom - i look up to you... when my husband saw how much our daughter loved her mom - my husband gained a new perspective on his former wife - and began to show her more respect. my nine year old just last week asked to take his pillow he designed, kelee katillac's &quot;house of belief creating your personal style&quot; book and our &quot;family book of belief&quot; to school for show and tell. his pillow is a picture of my husband and him wading in lake michigan(our summer vaction this year). he wrote on his pillow - &quot;my dad - my friend, my pal.&quot; he wants to be a school teacher so the pillow includes a glued-on pencil &amp; ruler. the house of belief book has awakened our family's creativity. it's amazing how our family is bonding together through creative actions. our newest addition to our family's book of belief are the fortunes we each recieved at a chinese dinner - we glued each fortune in our belief book and we are making &quot;fortune napkins&quot; to use at our own dinner table, by using the heat tranfer process and black text onto our favorite colored napkins. these creative rituals are simple, fun and bring closeness in our family. kelee katillac's philosophy of how one small action of creativity leds to greater actions, and the more we create the more we believe in ourselves - this has opened a door into our family's relationships, by increasing each person's understanding of each other and communicating through these creative rituals.\n", 0], ["the book was long and drown out but a book to read as are most of 'macs books. a read for all.\n", 0], ['at the outset, let me say that i really did enjoy the read, for the most part. the treasure-hunting/suspense/romance combo comes off pretty successfully. the reef is a fun read, and you\'ll like roberts\' vivid, mostly apt, and occassionally witty descriptions.however, there are two flaws. the first is the motivation of silas van dyke. yeah, the guy\'s evil, greedy, and psychotic. we get that from the temper tantrums and megalomaniacal musings. what we don\'t get is any sense of "why?" in other words, instead of chasing the lassiter/beaumont folks, why the heck isn\'t he, say, the head of a crime family or assassinating world leaders?i suppose his raison d\'etre is his fancied (but vaguely and belatedly described) connection to the amulet itself, but that\'s pretty weak. there is nothing in the description or action that explain how van dyke\'s passion for the amulet dovetails with his basic evilness. the lack of connection didn\'t confuse me, but it did make me feel that a piece of the puzzle was missing. this missing piece needed to be there all along; tossing it in at the end won\'t do it - too deus ex machina.the second flaw is editorial. my favorite example is when matthew dives to do "recognizance." uh, no. what matthew is doing is reconnaisance, a completely different concept. i forgive nora. it\'s easy to confuse words that sound similar, and i haven\'t seen any gaffes like this in subsequent novels. the person to blame is the editor. as an editor myself, i am actually appalled that s/he let this one slip. to someone who is supposed to know words, \'recognizance\' an obvious error.\n', 0], ['chinua achebe\'s things fall apart concentrates on the effects of colonialism. his novel invokes the question of whether it is justified for one culture to impose their beliefs on another culture because they have a different set of morals and values.achebe\'s novel illustrates the response of an african tribe to the invasion by white christian missionaries. the ibo tribe has many problems deeply rooted in its culture. for one, the tribe is very sexist. the main character and the leader of the tribe, okonkwo, holds a very high reverence for male dominance and his belief that "no matter how prosperous a man was, if he was unable to rule his women and his children (and especially his women) he was not really a man" (53). okonkwo also has several wives in which he rules "with a heavy hand" (13). for christians, polygamy is morally wrong. this is where achebe asks the question of whether the missionaries\' intent to change the tribe\'s culture is justified. it\'s a very difficult question to answer but in my opinion, achebe seems to say no. at one point uchendu says in response to obierka, "the world has no end, and what is good among one people is an abomination with other. we have albinos among us. do you not think that they have strayed from their way to a land where everybody is like them" (141). from this, i interpret that achebe believes that there is no point in trying to conform every culture to be like your own because the world is so massive and so diverse that it would be impossible to convert everyone to one uniform culture and in attempting to do so, there will only be bloodshed. although i found the novel to be slow at first, over time my respect for achebe has increased as i find myself referring back to this question of humanity and where my beliefs side.\n', 0], ["the greatest book i have ever read! left me stunned with it's incredible ending. deep charachters and real plot, i bonded with the charachters. if anyone is looking for a good book to read, this must be it\n", 0], ["this book lacks of in-depth tutorials and too much &quot;copy and paste&quot; sentences. however, this book is useful if you only need to concentrate to the test topics and objectives. do not expect anything 'close to the exam questions'. use exam cram for that. find at books on-line for more detail knowledge.\n", 0], ['although this may be a terrific book, it does not belong in a category with serious books on atomic and hydrogen bombs. it will be of little value in writing a high school physics paper since it is about yo-yo tricks.fortunately we bought one of the cheaper ones and it got here very quickly so there is still time to find something relevant to the subject matter.\n', 0], ['this collection of essays about online teaching and learning dispells the popular myth that writing instruction needs to take place face-to-face. it gave me some exciting ideas for how to conducting a supportive and interactive class using the internet and computer conferencing. i particularly enjoyed the reports written by teacher beverly paeth and student jenny davis of their online communication.\n', 0], ['dr. tempe brennan, forensic anthropologist, can\'t seem to get a break. she\'s counting the minutes to her long-awaited vacation with a possible new boyfriend, but she simply can\'t break away from her work. her expertise is suddenly needed everywhere--first, to examine the charred bones of a newborn, who happens to be the grandchild of an old acquaintance. then, it\'s the charred bodies of the pilot and passenger in a suspicious private plane crash. and even her irrepressible chow, boyd, causes trouble by digging up a pile of suspicious bones. but it soon becomes apparent that these cases are intriguingly linked.the possible boyfriend, montreal detective andrew ryan, takes the postponed vacation in stride. he helps tempe investigate, fields nosy questions from tempe\'s daughter, katy, who is causing tempe additional anxiety with a suspicious new boyfriend of her own. and ryan bonds with boyd, whom he insists on calling "hooch."the stakes become higher than a canceled vacation when tempe gets threatening phone calls and e-mails from a stalker who wants her to stop asking so many questions. but this only makes tempe more determined to get to the bottom of the mystery. along the way she\'s forced to work with her least-favorite detective, skinny slidell, who is a smoking, junk-food-scarfing, sexist neanderthal.you just can\'t fault ms. reichs\'s forensic-science details. tempe\'s investigative techniques are rendered with so much verisimilitude that the reader feels as if he\'s reading an actual case study of a true crime. ms. reich is very much in the same league as patricia cornwell in that respect. the bits and pieces of trivia picked up along the way are downright fascinating--everything from the nuances of dna testing and bone identification to the smell of a 50-year-old privy on a sweltering summer day.i do have a beef about this book, however. there was too much coincidence. in addition to the three separate cases that all ended up being parts of the same case, there were numerous smaller coincidences that dulled the believability factor. tempe just happened to be at some obscure picnic out in the middle of nowhere where her dog dug up bones related to her current cases? and she happens to spot a fugitive drug dealer, the probable father of the dead baby, at a restaurant? and as the name of a missing person comes to tempe\'s attention as a possible connection to the case, someone accidentally stumbles across his body floating in a lake--where he\'s been for five years. how convenient that he picks now to surface.that said, i will continue to buy and read ms. reich\'s books. even with coincidences, bare bones is still a great read.\n', 0], ["once again i can't believe i've slept on her early work, this book was grreat! i mean dam terry did u write about a family u know and just arent telling us? i mean i laughed,got mad, got madder and cried! really cried i couldnt believe it its so real and u find urself wanting to scream at the pages!!! i could not put this book down it took me two days to finish a job well done ms.terry! i highly reccomend!\n", 0], ["&quot;waiting to exhale&quot; is such an incredibly smart, clever, and &quot;on time&quot; book, that having &quot;when stella got her groove back&quot; follow it, was an incredible disappointment. therefore, &quot;a day late and a dollar short&quot; is a particularly welcome and encouraging rebound for terry mcmillan. it is an enjoyable read with a poignant message. unfortunately is not nearly as skillfully and carefully crafted as the author's earlier works.the book focuses on a typical, in other words &quot;disfunctional&quot; american family. however, the accent is decidedly african american, and reflecting that experience speaks to a distinctive charm, wisdom, and wit. it is a touching testament to how mothers are a reality check and serve as both the bedrock, and glue in families. the most moving part of the story's message is that despite how bitter it may be to swallow the unrelenting honesty of the feedback which mothers dispense, they possess an honored and cherished place and their absence creates a void that cannot be filled.mcmillan gives this novel a somewhat formulaic plot, concluding with a predictable, idealistic, happy, and all too tidy ending. family crises and loss galvanize the family and through mutual support they surmount their problems. a noble concept; if only life were so easy.\n", 0], ['i loved reading kids are from jupiter, it was entertaining and easy to read. it helped me understand the behavior of my three children, and gave me useful techniques to be a better and less stressed mother. i feel better about myself and my capabilities! i recommend it for anyone who wants to understand children.\n', 0], ['with the naked eye finds nature in an unlikely place - the city. using new orleans, louisiana and new haven, connecticut as backdrops, with the naked eye mixes together scientific fact with metaphysical interpretation to conjure everything from geomorphology and death to the nature of god and dinosaurs, all within the context of urban living. with the naked eye is a musing on contemporary living that asks the question, "what is natural?" and then seeks to define it in the most unusual and interesting ways.\n', 0], ["what fun! now i don't have to wait for the sunday paper to enjoy merl's talent and humor. i love taxing my brain with his puzzles.\n", 0], ['in reading this tale of a visit to the lands outside heaven, one cannot help but see himself and those around him in the characters in book. mr. lewis offers his wisdom and beliefs to the readers of his book. a very intelligent and striking exploration of christianity, i highly recommend this book to anyone who would like to develop religious sophistication.\n', 0], ['the essense of the human condition captured in a great story. the most re-read book in my library.\n', 0], ['as a survivor of a "death march" project myself, this book clearly lets the reader know what a death march project is all about. this book is a must read for those in software development who are involved with or are contemplating a new software engineering project that "promises to deliver everything including the kitchen sink, but you know has no realistic chance of succeeding". this book is a must read for both present and future project managers who will eventually become involved in a death march project. death march projects are truly becoming the norm and we had all better be prepared for them.\n', 0], ['richard hillary died too soon. his autobiography detailing his maturation process was riveting. i do feel that his death and that of thousands of others was a horror. sad that our young folks are still dying. sad that we as a species cannot learn to get along.\n', 0], ["this book is an inspiring all-american success story of sam walton and his global wal-mart empire. sam chronicles his days as a small town merchant all the way to when the company did $45 billion dollars in the early 90's with testimnoials and insights by wal-mart associates, family and friends. sam is brilliant yet modest and this makes this book a really good read. i expected to read a different story but ended up uncovering the tale of a man who refused to stop ever thinking of the customer. his obsession with keeping the customer happy is the secret and the means are eye-opening. overall this book is one of the important business books i've read. it has inspired me in so many ways. retail the walmart way is cruel yet fascinating!\n", 0], ['an excellent science fiction novel, probably one of the best ever written. asimov is amaster author who keeps the excitement rolling for hours on end.\n', 0], ['this book examines the role that the early christians and rabbis had on the development of their respective faiths in a competitive perspective.it is largely argued by the author that the decisive factor in christianity\'s ability to persuade over time was the early believer\'s ability to set down their arguments in writing. the jewish insistence on using primarily a oral tradition while avoiding codifying their positions basically weakened their ability to mobilize on a wide and consistent scale.on the other hand, the early church fathers use of the written vernacular developed a consistency that could be studied easier and advanced faster as opposing critical arguments were presented, "learning from the past" if you will.the reason i have given this an average rating is that the reading is a bit redundant at times.\n', 0], ['this is a very difficult book to read, not only because it is the product of the hateful and ignorant mind of a man that seized control of germany and plunged the world into one of history\'s most devastating wars, resulting in the ethnic genocide of millions of jews, slavs, gypsies, homosexuals and others."mein kampf" [my struggle] is extremely poorly written, even after considerable editing. the author, adolph hitler, airs his thoughts at random and in appalling crudeness on every conceivable subject, including culture, education, the theater, movies, the comics, art, literature, history, sex, marriage, prostitution and syphilis. those wishing to learn about the life of the german leader will be disappointed as there is little autobiography in this book.written while he was serving a prison term for his failed beer hall putsch, hitler originally wanted to title his work "four and half years of struggle against lies, stupidity and cowardice". however, max amann, the hard-struggling manager of the nazi publishing business, shortened the title to "mein kampf".the book was first published in 1925 and was some four-hundred pages long. other editions soon followed, especially after hitler came to power, and sales made the german leader a wealthy man. journalist, author and historian william shirer, author of the monumental "the rise and fall of the third reich" wrote of "mein kampf": "except for the bible, no other book sold so well during the nazi regime." not every german who bought a copy read it and even nazi party stalwarts admitted that it was difficult reading and that many were never able to get through the end of the book.hitler\'s ideas were formed in the early 1920s and we have his own word for it that he learned little afterward and altered nothing in his thinking. when he left austria for germany in 1913 at the age of twenty-four he was full of a burning passion for german nationalism, a hatred for democracy, marxism and the jews and a certainty that providence had chosen the aryans, especially the germans, to be the master race.in "mein kampf" he outlined his views and applied them specifically to the problem of restoring germany to power and building a new state based on race. that state, the third reich, would include all germans living outside germany at the time the book was written. hitler made it clear that there would a final reckoning with france and that german expansion would have to come largely at the expense of russia.thus, "mein kampf" is a blueprint for conquest. france would be destroyed, but that would be secondary to the german drive eastward. first the immediate lands to the east inhabited predominantly by germans would be taken, including austria, the sudetenland in czechoslovakia, and the western part of poland, including danzig. after that germany would turn on the soviet union.while not a bluepring per se for ethnic cleansing, "mein kampf" certainly laid the foundation for the holocaust that followed under the third reich. according to hitler, jews and slavs were inpure races and when he became dictator he would forbid their marriage with germans. he made it clear that in his new world order they would serve the third reich as slaves serve a master. thus it began...why then was the world so surprised when hitler and nazi germany set out to accomplish exactly what the german leader had set out in "mein kampf"? because, of course, they had either not read his book or, having done so, did not believe that he was capable of carrying out his program. indeed, who in their right mind would have believed the program outlined in "mein kampf" possible or that hitler and germany were capable of carrying it out?anyone who wants to understand the mind of adolph hitler and the true nature of his third reich must start here. it is a terrible beginning indeed.\n', 0], ['great\n', 0], ['i recently joined ncows ( a cowboy action shooting organization that stresses period correct clothing, guns, hats, boots, etc.) and this book was recommend to me as a good source of photographic documentation on all of the items i would need to have to be properly outfitted, not "hollywood". i highly recommend this book for others who have similar needs.\n', 0], ["this book is both laugh-out-loud funny, and wincingly disturbing at times, thanks to haddon's dry, ascerbic wit (which i love). what i most appreciate is haddon's ability to capture moments of very real life, and shine a light on them: - the sort of moments most of us choose to forget (such as vomiting, panic attacks, embarrassing, scary skin rashes, etc). but through all the disturbing stuff, what i love is the humanity of the characters, their vulnerability, their hopes, their courage, their efforts in the face of despair, and, despite their many flaws, each character is redeemable, even lovable. this story will stay with me for a long time.\n", 0], ["i'm so sorry for the other reader who did not find the summer house as interesting as i. while this book takes a little while to get in to, it still makes for very good reading. all of alison mcleay's books are detailed and are rich with historical information. please start with passage home, it's wonderfuly captivating.\n", 0], ['this book makes a great gift to yourself or someone else. it is truly inspiration and affordable. i keep a copy for myself and often share with others.\n', 0], ['this is the best pre-reading book i have seen. the specific games, tips, and exercises would also work for should-be-readers who are stuck. the author has lots of real experience. she supports phonics over purely "whole language". for a different but not incompatible approach to pre-reading, reading, and writing, see "montessori read & write : a parent\'s guide to literacy for children by lynne lawrence. they build skills and get your child to reading. probably best for child 3 - 6/7 years old. they are *not* in-a-rush, "learn to read" books. if you want that, try "teach your child to read in 100 easy lessons" by siegfried engelmann, et. al.\n', 0], ["a boston's world is a revealing insight into human nature from the perspective of a dog named micky. his comments on owners and neighbors reveals as much about people as it does about dogs. a must read for all who know and love their best friends of the animal kingdom.\n", 0], ['the book tries to be funny and useful but does not meet either standard (at least in my opinion). i would not recommend buying it. there are better alternatives out there.\n', 0], ["sure, you need to do some work to appreciate this great novel, but many things in life require a bit of effort to appreciate. i disagree with the below reviewer who claims that if it takes work, it aint worth it. i would add that by far the most helpful companion to faulkner's novel is the twayne's masterworks series (like cliffs, only 1000 times better -- and they exist for many other great novels too). like wallace stephens, faulkner gives us four different version of the kernel of his story which in his words was our view of caddie, the little girl who muddied her drawers, climbing up the pear tree. faulkner gives benjy, the 33 year old retard, the greatest gift of all -- speech! though this first section, seen through benjy's eyes, is confusing, faulkner limits his vocabulary to just over a 100 or so words. my high school students this year in ap english voted this their favorite book of the year of the 11 or so novels we read. with a bit of background information, the reader's comprehension will be greatly aided. i'm going on my 15th reading and i'm happy to say the text yields up new insights every time. one of my all time favorite novels by anyone. i envy the first time reader experiencing sections i and ii for the first time -- savor the experience.\n", 0], ["i read a similar book in the 70s, built a few small ones and a 6' one back then. i know, and have personally experienced, what the pyramid can do.\n", 0], ["like bury's volumes which correct much of gibbons' conclusions, this two-volume adds even more modern analysis to roman and byzantine history. unfortunately, the panorama is so vast that two short volumes scarcely suffice for the subject. vasiliev can barely get into a subject or even episode before he has to leave it for another. sometimes he gives a longer biography of a cartographer or ancient traveler than to an emperor.if you'd like to skim over the roman period from its founding to its overthrow, you'll find this light and interesting reading...\n", 0], ["the aim of this volume is to make the readings of the entire book of jeremiah an intelligible, interesting, and inspiring experience. its appeal is to ministers, teachers and students in colleges, theological seminaries, and church schools, thoughtful laymen, who are aware that jeremiah is a great prophet and earnestly desire to know his personality, message, and abiding value.more is known about jeremiah's life, ministry, and teachings than about any other old testament prophet. he lived under the reign of five judean kings in one of the most strategic and important periods in world history as well as in the history of the hebrew people. he stands at the peak of old testament prophecy both in his teaching and his person....three things characterize this volume. first, i have made my own translation of the entire book of jeremiah, utilizing the latest edition of kittel's biblia hebraica. i have given careful and judicious attention to the critical notes in which are concentrated the scholarly insights of generations of skilled hebraists, and have availed myself of their suggestions. students of the hebrew text will recognize this in the translation, although my eager desire to make the fruits of such study available to the nontechnical reader has necessitated the reduction of explanatory footnotes to the minimum. jeremiah was a poet of unique power as well as a prophet, and in the poetic pasages the attempt has been made to retain in the translation the rhythmical stresses characteristic of the lines of hebrew poetry as they came from his soul.second, i have attempted the arrangement of the contents of the book on a chronological principle. every careful student of this book is perplexed by the seeming lack of concern for chronological order on the part of the final editor by whose hand the book ultimatedly took shape. yet of the period covered by the prophet's life we are unusually well informed, and the character and the reign of the five monarchs who ruled over judah during his prophetic career is known in considerable detail. no prophet in israel or judah was so much a part of his times as was jeremiah. by speech, by pen, or by both, he was active during the reign of each king. the nature of the evidence is such that certainty as to chronology of his prophetic messages cannot be achieved. but in so far as it is possible to sense in each case the approximate period and likely setting from which his individual utterances come, his message teems with timeliness and vital pertinancy. at this point i have at times found the insight of volz paticularly judicious and helpful. immediately following the table of contents is an index which will guide the reader quickly to the page in which each particular section of the book of jeremiah is translated and discused.third, the various portions of the words or the experiences of jeremiah and their interpretation have been so interwoven that the living experience of the man unfolds before the readers eyes. the reader is prepared for the clear understanding of each portion of the book of jeremiah in turn, then is led through it so that, portion by portion, he knows what he is reading, understands its allusions, and senses the relation it bears to the total experiences of the man. thus he is kept face to face with the personality of jeremiah, as well as with the persons who clashed with him or those who protected and assisted him.--- excepts from book's preface\n", 0], ['i thourghly enjoyed the whole series. as were the other 4 books, this one is well written and gives a good historical background to the 48 war between israel and it\'s neighbors. it provides a christian perspective without being preachy. the book really is about the story with the religious aspect in the background. i don\'t get emotional that often but these books "got me" several times. i highly reccommend the whole series.\n', 0], ["someone to watch over me is a wonderful book by a fantastic author. the characters are wonderfully written and the story has so many twists and turns that its hard to put down.(i couldn't)the male hero is one of my favorite judith mcnaught heros, he has it all. the heroine is strong and very likeable.this book had me guessing all the way through it.\n", 0], ['i really enjoyed reading this book again. its been close to 60 years since i read it the first time. if you like westerns you should like this one.\n', 0], ["i love this book! very interesting! i would definitely recommend this to someone! it's my first book on the kindle app for pc!\n", 0], ["interesting book. i was devastated at diana's death, having followed her life since 1980, but i cannot believe the number of diana admirers who just will not put her death behind them and move on. trevor rees jones clearly outlines the botched fayed security job not only that fateful night but also throughout her entire involvement with dodi fayed. if a car is driven at three times the legal speed limit through a tunnel with a curved entrance and no crash barriers by a drunk driver and none of the occupants are wearing seatbelts, i don't care how famous the occupants are, it seems pretty obvious that this is a recipe for disaster. diana is gone and as sad as it is, believing al fayed's conspiracy theories only does damage to people like trevor rees jones and prince's william and harry. i hope rees jones' book will be the final word and we can now all let her rest in peace.\n", 0], ['this book is engaging--not merely words in a list. and the accompanying poetry is fantastic and witty. espy loves the language and this shows plainly in this great volume.\n', 0], ['few social climbers are as surreally despicable as edith wharton\'s undine spragg, who doesn\'t care what happens to anyone else as long as she can shop and party. and "the custom of the country" is the perfect example of what such people do to the people around them. it\'s nauseating and brilliant, all at once.undine spragg is a mesmerizing beauty from a tiny town, whose parents made a small-scale fortune and have moved to the glitzy world of new york. undine wants the best of everything, more than her family can afford, but she thinks it\'s all worth it -- so she marries a besotted son of "old new york," but it doesn\'t take long for him to realize how incompatible they are.and he doesn\'t realize that undine is hiding a (then) shameful secret -- she was once married and quickly divorced from a vulgar businessman. in the present, undine continues her quest for a life of pleasure, moving on to a french nobleman and getting just as dissatisfied with him. the only way to succeed lies in the one man who sees her for what she is.undine spragg may actually be one of the most despicable, selfish characters in all of classic literature -- she literally doesn\'t care about anyone but herself, or who she hurts. you\'d think a book about someone like that would be dreary, but instead it\'s one long needle at the people like undine, who care only for money, status and fun.but it\'s also about the changing fortunes in late 19th-century america (and europe). new money -- symbolized by undine and her shrewd, megarich ex-hubby -- was squeezing out the old guard, who were never terribly rich to start with. wharton\'s observations on their rise and decline have a sharp, biting edge. although compared to the anti-heroine, the old traditions seem pretty innocent.lots of celebrity socialites could take a lesson from undine\'s story: she\'s a snob of humble stock, thinks she\'s a great person, and utterly selfish -- if her husband shoots himself, that\'s great! she can marry again without the disgrace of a divorce! yet in the end, you know that undine will always be craving something more that she thinks will make her happy, but she will never find it.the characters around undine are usually nice, but blinded by her nymphlike beauty -- and even her parents, who know what she\'s like, are too beaten-down by her whining to resist. only her ex-husband, ralph marvell, is really right for her -- not only is he obscenely rich and just as grasping as undine, but he\'s smart enough to know what a monster she is."the custom of the country" is a wickedly barbed, brilliant piece of work, with one of the nastiest anti-heroines ever, and a great look at the rising tides of "new money." a must-read.\n', 0], ["i have read several books on procrastination and this is one of the worst. it reads like someone's ph.d dissertation, rather than a self help book. it writes about procrastination from an academic point of view, where the subject is treated from a distance and critically. for example on a subsection on perfectionism the author writes:&quot;perfectionists don't fear the standards so much as the expectations surrounding the standards. this fear is a product of helplessness about standard setting. they feel that they have no personal control over the standard, and they have a sense of hopelessness about chances for success. rather then attempt a rational problem-solving approach to the situation, the perfectionist shuts down and procrastination results&quot;.and tleaves the subject at that. this type of language is fine if one is trying to describe to a psychology student how perfectionism leads to procrastination. however, it is far too detached, abstract, and impersonal for a self help book (after all who likes to be referred to as &quot;they&quot;). to make it of use to a person suffering from procrastination, examples of what the author means by abstract statements like the above needs to be included. what is meant by &quot;rational problem-solving&quot; for example. unfortunately, the book is also not very useful as an academic introduction to the subject since it is far too short. the perfectionism subsection, for example, is less then a page long, and feels more like an abstract (i.e. short introduction) to a journal article, then a thorough explanation of the subject matter.finally, the solution she provides to procrastination is nothing more than task oriented time management. essentially, her point is to break down large tasks into small ones, and just do them. great advice for a disorganized person. as anyone who suffered from serious procrastination knows, however, time management alone is not a sufficient solution. if it was, procrastination would have been wiped out long time ago. &quot;stop finding excuses and get to your task&quot; is not particularly helpful for this debilitating problem.in summary, there are many books, which provide far greater insight into psychological reasons of procrastination, and give much better methods to help those who suffer from it. (see for example: procrastination, why you do it, by burka and yuen). to boot, they are written with the lay person in mind, and hence are engaging to read. spend your money on one of those and avoid this book (there are also far better books on time management - so if it is a time management book that you are looking for, check out franklin-covey's &quot;what matters most&quot;, for example).\n", 0], ["if you love vonnegut, you'll love this book.\n", 0], ["i was curious how the new movie would break up this simple story into threes, so i re-read the original to see what i thought would happen. i must say that so far, after viewing the first movie, i was correct in my first assumption. it will be interesting to see where the breaks will now take place between the next two movies and if it follows my guess. i also hope to see some things left out of the lord of the rings being addressed, but not to the detriment of the timing of the storytelling. we'll see . . . .\n", 0], ['awesome book read it for english class would recommend itjr tolkien is an amazing writer but for my assignment i had to use page numbers and i was stuck using percent\n', 0], ['i have read the hobbit and the trilogy in full many times over the last 10 years. every time i read it i get more from it or see it from another characters point of view. it is the best fantasy series i have read and highly suggest it.\n', 0], ['well narrated story. it covered many of the current issues. the ending was a bit abrupt. overall, a good story.\n', 0], ["schaller evaluates societal, political, and generational trends in relation to christianity and contemporary ministry. his insights are inestimable. the wealth of information in this book is immense. even if the reader disagrees with one or two of schaller's numerous evaluations, theories, or predictions, the reader is still indebted to the author for sparking boatloads of novel thought. this book is best read slowly so that one's contemplative juices can churn and bubble into a rich froth. caution: book is powerful!\n", 0], ['if you are claiming social security disability, the social security administration will ask you, possibly several times,: what do you do all day? they are, among other things, checking to see if you are consistent (credible.) if you are telling them that part of your disability is that you have poor powers of concentration and memory, but, you also tell them that you watch a lot of soap operas, you have just gonged yourself. if you can remember who is sleeping with whom, who is scheming against whom with whom from week to week, then they deem you sufficiently cognizant.ed mcbain\'s 87th precinct police procedurals are like that. especially the most recent, "hark!" the deaf man returneth, spewing shakespeare, annoying anagrams and palindromic puzzles. in this hunt, the reader is deluged with references back through the whole oeuvre. the customary cadence of the series is here, including the oft-repeated "in this city, ..." this city, of course, being a not-so-disguised new york city with all its boroughs. like all good serials, the end of this one is no end, just another cliff hanger, to be continued with the lives and loves of the men and woman of the 87th. /tundravision, amazon reviewer.\n', 0], ["i am a huge fan of historical novels. unfortunately i am often disappointed by writers who drone on and on about historical facts, and don't exhibit one ounce of creative talent. rachel bard's queen without a country was captivating. i absolutely could not put it down until i read through the entire book in one sitting. for me, bard has redefined historical fiction and i will forever use her book as a guide to judge the rest by.\n", 0], ['the format of a "whodunnit" is admirably suited to josephine tey\'s critical look at the reign of richard iii, the ambition of henry vii, and the fact that it\'s the winner who writes the history that comes to be accepted as fact, whether or not it is, indeed, factual. this book is an excellent companion-read to thomas more\'s "history of richard iii", puts a new term into my working vocabulary ("tonypandy"), and shows thomas more to have more(pun intended) of an interest in his future employment under henry vii than he did of his life under henry viii. too bad the image of richard iii on the cover is not the image described in the book; it would have been better to not put a new cover on this edition -- and that\'s my only objection.\n', 0], ['this book was off the hook i read it in one day.if you buy this book you will not be disappointed. life was off the hook and everybody in this book suffered some kind of lost. leo keep doing your thing and keep the books coming\n', 0], ['i am amazed at the eye opening concepts that this book has put forth. i think its a good read for anyone interested in studying "the soul".\n', 0], ["i have just, on christmas eve, given myself the gift of hearing this beautiful, classic charles dickens talegreat expectationsperformed by the master narrator, simon prebble. as all of dickens' tales do, this provides a look at life for the ordinary man in that time and place, england in the 19th century. it is also a parable about the worth of people as judged by their wealth, status and power vs. their character and more. it is filled with wonderful character studies that only dickens could do: miss haversham, stunted and destroyed by her bitterness, in turn doing great damage to the beautiful, cold estella. the star of the novel, the orphaned pip, raised by his shrewish and abusive sister and her wonderful, loving and simple husband joe, the friends pip makes, etc. mr. prebble reads this great novel as no one else can. he brings the characters to life so i could feel their emotions. all of the characters had unique voices and suitable accents that matched them perfectly. i was particularly moved by his portrayal of joe. by the way, mr. prebble's beautiful, very masculine voice does the female characters believably. one does not even think about it. thank you, mr. prebble, for narrating this novel and providing me with the best christmas i've had for a while.\n", 0], ["i started reading this over a month ago and i'm still not finished. i can't get into it at all! it's like a really boring nightmare! i mean, the parts that take place at satis house are mildly interesting, but no part of it seems to be building up to anything. the story moves so slowly that at times you'd swear it wasn't moving at all, and, to be sure, at times, it isn't! it's just sitting there in its stupid rocking chair knitting and petting its cat by the fire, which isn't even burning! omg!you want to read something fast paced and interesting?try daniel white's hellstone, available right here at amazon.com (plug). now that's a good book. white's influences span the ages, and don't skip victorian, if that's what you're into, which you obviously are, or why would you be here?don't get me wrong. i like victorian literature. a christmas carol is a very good story, as is dracula, and frankenstein, and most of poe's works. it's just this particular book that i don't like...and anything by jane austen.in conclusion, buy hellstone. you'll be happy you did.\n", 0], ["the other complete decline and fall that gets lots of reviews has in-line footnotes, which are awful. this one has hyperlinked footnotes, which is great but...the section headings for each section succeed rather than precede each section. so you read a section on spain...and when you read the last word in that section, you get the spain heading. then you read a section on gaul...and get the gaul heading. horrible since the guideposts all follow the relevant text. not as unreadable as the kindle editions with in line footnotes but pretty awful nevertheless. for $13, i'd just save your money. come on penguin: straighten this out. i'm willing to pay money but you screwed me. as an avid penguin reader, i'm very disappointed that they let something like this out...in a world full of free gibbons, if you are going to charge $13, it should at least be free of obvious mistakes.poorly done--stars reflect the price:quality ratio of the kindle edition. the actual work is 5 stars.i hope penguin fixes this. if they do, i'll happily post an update to this review. until then, assume it's still a mess.\n", 1], ["i liked the story and pacing and look forward to the remaining 2 books by this author. i wished there would be more but this author passed away in 2008 (at the age of only 27) so these are the only books we'll see by him.\n", 0], ["the thing i like about this book is that there is so much to offer for parenting. i love the analogy of the child in the shadows -- it seems to be remarkably true in many, many families -- not just presidential. george washington became president, not lawrence. jack kennedy became president, not joe, jr. -- george w. bush, not jeb, (the one the family expected to become a national political figure). it's all very interesting.\n", 0], ["i have gotten my hands on a pre-release edition of this book and i am very intreaged. i can't wait to see the released edition as i alreay know its more pages then the pre-released copy i have already. i am a psych major still trying to figureout where i want my focus to be. thank you jeanne for shairing your story.\n", 0], ['instructions are easy to understand and follow which makes it good for children or anyone else who wants to try origami. this book seems to be a combination of three shorter origami books by the same author which my children used when they first started folding paper into animals and birds. i got this book for my grandchildren nd they seem to like it/\n', 0], ["i have gone off on &quot;jags&quot; reading rex stout or agatha christie, or others, but i always come back with a hunger for john dickson carr. this is not easy-- his books are very old and only amazon provides a good source.this is one of the very best by carr. what draws me to carr is the mastery of mood, tone, and atmosphere-- a brooding, semi-supernatural, atmosphere of the gothic-- of terror, of raw fear-- of people literally frightened to death. to put it crudely, it's like &quot;sherlock holmes&quot; meets &quot;stephen king.&quot;in this novel we have a fabulous beginning with an &quot;impossible murder&quot; that seems to have no explanation, a &quot;femme fatale&quot; woman, the setting of a ruined norman tower in france, and a most sympathetic leading character, miles. dr. gideon fell is a colorful and delightful detective who usually enters the story at least a third into the book.frankly, the conclusions sometimes let the reader down -- or seem to -- because carr's skill at &quot;atmosphere&quot; has got the poor fellow so on the edge of his chair with anxiety that no ending could totally meet the expectations.this book-- like many carr books -- has a neat love interest-- a totally improbable love between a convalescent british gentleman and a french &quot;woman of the streets.&quot; the love interest alone drew me through some of the chapters.carr's style and descriptive skills are excellent. he will describe a setting with original turns of phrase. he will paint word-pictures that force one to reread the paragraph more than once, savoring the writer's skills. he's a highly literate man with a control of english that would have made him successful in writing more conventional novels.this is probably the best gideon fell novel i have read, and one of the two or three best novels by dickson carr i have read. i urge you to enjoy the book, and wish you, er, &quot;unpleasant dreams.&quot;\n", 0], ["when i read this book i cried ( me being a girl & all). nothing is better to express in a book than friendship, love& courage. i could understand billy when he wanted 2 dogs,cause' i want 2 dogs too, but he didn't beg for them(well,just a little) he went and got them. old dan& little ann each expressed their love for billy by sticking by his side nomatterwhat;that is what i call friendship.\n", 0], ["while loving what is is the sourcebook for the work of byron katie, this concise, enjoyable, step-by-step introduction to the work contains some of the best recordings of katie available, and it's a must for beginners in the work. i always recommend this cd set to my clients who are new to inquiry as it makes the written process of the work abundantly clear, as much if not more so than attending a workshop. if you follow the instructions on these cds, you will have the intended experience of doing the work and reaping its benefits.\n", 0], ['wil cuppy is a writer who is unafraid to tell you his opinion, and ready to tell you how someone else got it wrong.his thoughts are out landish, and his comments wry. the sarcasm is driping off of every page,and anyone else is the room bound to ask why you are snickering uncontrolably. share it with them.the views on historical figures are interesting, fresh, and previously unheard of. i wonder why they never taught us these things in school.this book was well planned and researched, and makes want to look up his sources, just to see if perhaps he made some of this up.despite the distaction of the hillarious footnotes, this is a quick and enjoyable book that i have scoured bookstores for, and sent to all of my friends.i recommend that you grab any copies of this book you can get, becaue it is a hard find that is well worth the effort.\n', 0], ["need something to take the chill off these cold winter nights? snuggle up with a sizzling book by tami hoag. part romance, mostly thriller, hoag's books combine well-drawn characters, believable dialogue, and page-turning suspense to create can't-put-it-down excitement. and, i've never been able to figure out &quot;whodunit&quot; before the author reveals the culprit!&quot;dark paradise&quot; is a personal favorite of mine. set in montana, it is a story of greed, lust, blackmail, and murder. marilee jennings has just ditched her fiance', job, and california lifestyle. hoping to decompress and regroup, mari heads to montana to visit her old friend lucy. unfortunately, when she arrives, lucy is dead. the official ruling is a hunting accident, but too many pieces of the puzzle point to murder. mari puts herself in danger when she starts poking into the circumstances of lucy's death. caught in the increasing hostilities between the new, rich hollywood types taking over the town and buying up the surrounding land, and the area ranchers fighting to maintain the way of life they've lived for generations, mari must find a way to make a life for herself in the land she has come to love. but first, she has to survive.nina m.\n", 0], ['this is the first book by rothbard that i read, although i was already familiar with those of his writings that can be found on the internet.without always agreeing completely with rothbard - i think he has a tendency to be somewhat too consistent at times - i have always found his work to be very funny and thought-provoking. this collection contains two truly remarkable essays: "egalitarianism as a revolt against nature" and especially "freedom, inequality, primitivism, and the division of labor". rothbard actually takes the trouble to take marxists at their word and to examine, not only the means, but also the ends. it turns out even the goals sincere marxists fight for - as opposed to the cruel realities they have always somehow succeeded in creating - are totally at odds with human nature.the other essays, if sometimes a tad too "american" for this european reader, live up to rothbard\'s usual high standards. the only essay that i found somewhat unconvincing was "conservation in the free market". rothbard doesn\'t seem to have thought it important to save areas of unspoilt nature; he doesn\'t even examine that possibility. but then perhaps there is another essay by him somewhere in which there is an answer to that question? if so, i\'m looking forward to read it!\n', 0], ["what can i say? this is so complex, so stimulating, so extraordinary, so new - thank the gods - that it's impossible to summarise. none of that endless dwarves bidding each other hello stuff as dragons fly over ahead (yet again). ursula le guin would love this, as steven donaldson has who has just given the uk edition the best possible review: &quot;if you're reading this mr erikson, write faster&quot;. whoah, the covenant god speaks... buy this, torture yourself with its complexity, that's the point guys and gals. who is this guy? i found it through a great review on the sfsite (just type that in to your search engine. look out anomander...\n", 0], ['this book ws given to me as a gift when my mom died 7 years ago. it was an amazing comfort during those many months of dealing with my loss. since then i have probably purchased a dozen more copies and given them to friends who have lost someone. i hear again and again how this little book helped them. i recommend it to anyone grieving for someone they have lost.\n', 0], ["i was anxiously awaiting the release of this supplement and while the writing, gameplay and new chararcters are a lot of fun and well worth the money, be warned: the interior artwork is horrid. some looks as though it was drawn with the artists' off-hand and in my opinion it can be very distracting. better to have no art of very little but solid artwork than what's presented here for the most part, that which looks rushed at best and amateurish at worst. one caveat: the cover art is outstanding! :)definitely worth picking up if good art if not a priority.\n", 0], ['this book is written in an engaging fashion for younger readers, so that\'s why i gave it 2 stars. but i found the attitudes conveyed towards slavery, native americans, and democrats unsettling. i think there are some political motives behind this book. i think the author is trying to indoctrinate youngsters into ultra-conservative southern republican political ideas, and a brand of christianity that makes people outside the church (you know, the other people god loves) think christ-followers are hateful and crazy.for example, on p36 it states, "although it is true that native americans were often treated badly by european settlers, they treated one another worse" and "we cannot feel so much pity for the native americans when we think of all this." did they have it coming? they faught and killed each other like every other group of humans on the planet, so we shouldn\'t feel bad about the injustices perpetrated by white european settlers that the natives have never recovered from?and on the two pages that deal with slavery, it is mentioned that the slave trade was profitable for the traders, but "hard on the slaves" who were shipped to the colonies "under difficult conditions." a bit of an understatement.and, on the subject of the civil war, "many people in the south did not own slaves, but they knew how quickly the southern economy and standard of living would be damaged if the northern politicians forced southern farmers to immediately free their slaves." yikes, what about the slaves\' standard of living? no where is it mentioned or even alluded to that slavery in the us was bad and wrong. it\'s not okay to own another human being and treat him or her like an animal (or worse).the reason the north abolished slavery? they had machines to do the work of slaves, so slaves became obsolete. and i quote, "...why slavery was done away with in the northern states. the reason is primarily that northern businessmen did not need slave labor to operate their stores and factories because they made much greater use of the new machines that cut down on the amount of hand labor that was necessary to complete a job." no mention of how compassionate christians (and others) were vehemently opposed to the way slave owners viewed, kept and treated their slaves, or what they did to abolish slavery.finally, the treatment of democrats and republicans is really unbalanced. the only things mentioned about carter? how horrible he was for establishing relations with china, that he messed up with the panama canal, and his debaucling of the iran hostage situation. "in short, our country had sunk to new lows during the carter years." clinton\'s claims to fame are creating a huge government against the constitution and the will of the people (who promptly reelected him), meddling in bosnia and other war-torn nations, promoting homosexuality, and monica lewinsky. (why are these last two issues in a book for 9-year-olds?) in contrast, the repubs get only positive press in this text.finally, the book also says on p178, "sadly, our country\'s supreme court ruled in 1962 that it was illegal for children to pray in the public schools." that\'s not true. that law pertains to adult-led corporate prayer, but does nothing to prevent a child from praying in school.if this book is in line with your political views, then you might want to buy it. but i have a hard time believing that anyone in this day and age thinks slavery was really not such a bad thing. for that reason, no one should by it. this text could be supplemented with something more truthful regarding slavery, like a parent-censored version of "the slave narratives," which records hundreds of interviews with former slaves about their lives as slaves and after emancipation.\n', 0], ['this is such a good book. it\'s truly a unique find in the pool of books aimed at singles. i don\'t understand the couple of other negative reviews here for i came away with precisely the opposite impression: the author is motivating women not to be needy, dependent, or hardened and resigned to being single forever. her whole aim is to get singles to step away from the emotions and screaming biological clocks while considering things that will make their lives better *whether or not* they ever marry.i thought i was well read on the subject of being happy as a single person, yet this author showed me things i didn\'t realize i was doing and attitudes i didn\'t realize i had. for example, i wonder how many other singles find themselves holding off on buying furniture they\'d like or buying a house because of thoughts, even very subtle, that they should wait because they\'ll probably be married someday and "he\'ll" already have a house or furniture, or you can buy what you like together? i was surprised to realize how many of these little things i was doing - and in effect, how it\'s a sign of undervaluing the individual\'s life apart from another.the author also examines commonly held beliefs about singles and how we tend to try to dissect exactly why we\'re single. karen gail lewis demonstrates how we women typically blame ourselves and try to come to some conclusion, such as we\'re "too choosy", "too independent", "too set in our ways", "too intelligent", "too intimidating", or whatever. she shows that sometimes there simply is no reason other than not having met the right person yet: a certain amount of finding a compatible mate is chance.valuing your life and living your dreams is what this book is all about. it\'s not about man-hating, being jaded or asexual. it\'s about taking responsibility for your happiness and your choices whether or not you marry. there are great suggestions that will be strengthening to you whether you remain single forever or do find someone to marry. karen\'s book is about not putting your life on hold for "someday". it\'s all about empowerment.\n', 0], ["maybe i'm being unfair (i actually did not read the essays because i returned it immediately), but the title and the description of the book suggested that the actual texts of the grail cycle would be included in the book; they are not. this book is just a collection of essays about the grail cycle, which is great if that's what you're looking for; if you're looking for the grail stories, do not buy this book. look elsewhere, for the love of god, look elsewhere.\n", 0], ['i don\'t understand all the rave reviews about this book.it may be because i am in my 20\'s and therefore it does not seem that this book speaks to me.i found the characters all to be poorly fleshed out and the story to be completely unbelievable.the ending was extremely abrupt and (spoiler alert) i found the protaginists new found lust for life and decision not to let the sea take him alos unbelievable. i mean this is a character who for the entire book was a loner with few people in his life he cared for other than his brother. when he loses his brother he suddenly decideds "oh wow life is worth living in this dump of a town where my name has been ruined and i have lost the only person i truly love"it is a very sad sstate of affairs that this passes as gay literature. i would more expect to find this in a romance section except in the end a merman should ahev carried the main character off.truly dissapointed and hope some good gay writing comes along soon.\n', 0], ['truman is a wonderful wordsmith, he masterfully brings you first person into the story.. a plus to my collection.. amazon is a great provider.\n', 0], ["an insightful and comprehensive overview of kafka's life, his significance in literature and history, and a detailed and brilliant discussion - with extended readings - of many of kafka's most important works. and unlike many other discussions of significant literary, philosophical, and historical figures, strathern's discussion of kafka illuminates and emphasizes kafka's jewish identity as central to understanding kafka. strathern shows great honesty, understanding, and deep sensitivity in his analysis of the historical period in which kafka lived, and especially of the position of the jews in germany and central europe at this time. after reading this book you will want to read everything that kafka has written. it is an excellent introduction to kafka.\n", 0], ["i have been trying to read this book for several months now and i can't become interested enough to get into it for more than one or two evenings a month. the story itself is intriguing but seems to go on forever, though the novel itself is quite short. keeping all the men in moll's life straight gets confusing. renting the movie would be much less cumbersome.\n", 0], ["first 500 pages were great, but then tw must have realized that it'd take another 1000 pages to finish it in the same style and tempo. from page 500 onwards it is a down hill spiral, and a let down. terrific passages make the book worth reading, but more was expected like some climax or coherent end.\n", 0], ["cry, the beloved country was a good book overall. although, it was a little slow paced during the first few chapters. this lengthy introduction was boring, yet it was needed to fully understand the story told in this novel. some of the language used in the novel was not common knowledge and required a bit of research to understand it. the plot is interesting, it is ironic yet somewhat predictable, and the characters are oblivious and niave or inteligent and alert. the novel encompasses many aspects and encounters of life very well, and conveys the author's (alan paton) thoughts subtley, but still getting the point across. stephen kumalo, the main character, journeys off to a large city to help his sister recover from an illness, only to find himself entertaning his readers by searching for his son and learning the true meaning of life and what life has in store. cry, the beloved country is a book that i would recomend only to those who truley can sit down, read and enjoy a good, informational book with a twist. hilary g.\n", 0], ['i read these books a while ago. i found it difficult to get going at first, and the first real &quot;difficult&quot; book for me as a 7th grader (though, as i write this review i am above the age limit for using the regular review forum). i must admit to falling asleep a few times during the first book, but something drove me on to read them. i cried during all of them, and the ends to each book make them all worthwhile.not reccomended to younger audiences or people without a good deal of time an patience.\n', 0], ["the world is devided in those who have and those who have not read the lord of the rings. to me it is absolutely the book, i read it every three years or so. uptill now in dutch, german and english.i must say it has been very well translated and the atmosphere as well as the poetry is there in all languages. i admire tolkien enormously for his amount of fantasy.it's like being a child again, a fairy tail for grown-ups and much more. awesome. i happen to be looking for a french edition, could it perhaps be found on the net?\n", 0], ['i began with the hobbit while still in elementary school. i then continued with the next three completing all in less than three months. these books are fantastic. they spark the imagination and adventure in all who read them. my second grade son is now enjoying the hobbit. my wife and i began reading a little every night to him. he decided to read chapter three to us and now he has gone ahead without us. i recommend these books for good reading material to all ages.\n', 0], ["the shining was the first stephen king book i ever read. it kept me up nights turning pages and scared me to death. it is still my favorite king book and i have re-read it many times. so i am sure you can imagine my excitement when i heard that they were finally going to release an audio version.i am sorry to say that this reading does not begin to do the story justice. i found mr. scott's interpretation flat and uninspired. most of the story is read in an almost monotone voice making one of the scariest books i have ever read a cure for insomnia. what also falls flat is mr. scott's attempt to create distinct voices for the characters. none sound convincing and i found the voice he used for tony almost annoying. thankfully tony does not have a large speaking part in the book. they would have done much better to get steven weber who starred in the mini series to read.it really is a shame they did not pull out all the stops for the audio version, especially since this really is a one-time shot. there will be no re-recording of the shining. if you must have an audio version of the book this is it. too bad.\n", 0], ['the first three hitchhikers books are probably the most hilarious books i have ever read. the fourth, _so long and thanks for all the fish_ was a great disappointment, and lacked the brilliant spark of the first three. _mostly harmless_ is mean spirited and largely devoid of humor. i think adams not only has lost interest in these books, but has lost his muse. sad to see him writing such junk as _mostly_, i would presume just for the money. i felt cheated for buying this book, and i cannot even recommend checking it out of the library, as surely your time must be worth something\n', 0], ["i appreciate all the work ms. cornwell is doing to keep natural black hairstyling seperate from traditional chemical cosmotology.i hope she finds alot of success with her work. regarding this book...i bought it and returned it the next day. it's simply not imformative enough and not worth the twenty bucks.\n", 0], ['this was a beautiful book which i had first given to my children 30 years ago . i was grateful to find that it was still available for my great grand children . it is just as beautiful and poignant as it was theni love it still.\n', 0], ['i was not drawn in to this book as i was with the others.i didn`t see where it told anything about melody which who is the main person in the{logan series}.\n', 0], ['jane austen has created an immortal being in the heroine of the book: catherine morland. while at times catherine is naive, her charming innocence and bright, engaging personality captures your affections. she is easy to sympathize with as she goes through a stay of 6 weeks in bath, england, and as she is whisked away to an old abbey, the home of her new friend eleanor tilney, and also the home of the hero, henry tilney. jane austen has written a short novel that draws out your attention so you become completely involved with the characters and the plot. in my opinion, it is the best book by jane austen! i would highly recommend reading northanger abbey.\n', 0], ['i have been a fan of the helmsman series by bill baldwin for nearly two decades. the series is a fast-paced space adventure. i have always loved the main character, wilf brim. his simple modesty despite his great accomplishments against powerful personal and professional odds has caused me to return to the series time and time again. when i heard about the director\'s cut novels in 2004, i was both surprised and excited and overjoyed to learn that the story would finally continue with the turning tide."the trophy" is the third director\'s cut released. it has changed significantly from the original version; however, the changes add much more depth to the story. they also resolve the story of anna romanoff who appeared in this book, yet never appeared again afterwards. i enjoyed this new version. it was cleaner and stayed true to the spirit and flare of the story. the only problems i had with the book was the lack of justification of the font. the letters were spaced a bit far apart. i am not sure if this was an error, but it suddenly corrected itself toward the end of the book.i would highly recommend this book to anyone. if you love military science fiction and a plain old adventure story, then you will love this novel and the series itself.voot\'s greasy beard, the trophy is a thraggling good ride!\n', 0], ['the first story "the knight\'s tale" is on par with "aucassin and nicolette" (andrew lang), and the friendship of "amis and amile" (old french romances, william morris, which can usually be bought through alibris as a used book put out by (...)) in my own opinion "the knight\'s tale" is the only reason to purchase or read the canterbury tales. it is unmatched if heard on audio book,blackstone audiobook, unabridged, read by fred williams, isbn: 0-7861-2239-0.(i purchased mine at audio books on cassette.)\n', 0], ['very interesting the link between our mindand our body. it is often said you are what you eat.this book says you are a great deal the way youare because of the way you think.\n', 0], ["i decided to procure the virginian book because i had been enjoying the tv series from the 1960's and didn't realize where the story originated. while visiting friends i came across the original book in their library. i thoroughly enjoyed this reprint purchased from amazon book supplier. the price was right and quick delivery great.\n", 1], ["i translated this book into portuguese, and it was published in brazil last year by record, and so i was able to go deep in its descriptions of both characters and landscapes. it's one of the best love stories and mistery books i've ever read; i think it is mainly about man's struggle to find the meaning of life. ishmael supposes to find it when he falls in love with hatsue, but she cannot be just herself in love because she's so involved with japanese culture, with history (war), with the role she is supposed to play as a japanese woman (fear of sex, too, why not), with truth (not her own truth, she is so young, she is so entangled in all these things that she is not free enough to decide whether she really wants to stay with ishmael. (are we really free to choose whom to love? what to do? where to go? that is the question). ishmael is left with the big decision in the end: as the plot unravels, he is the one who discovers what really happened, and gives hatsue his final proof of love: he saves kabuo. i could feel all his solitude and pain in guterson's words. the war scenes were also moving, specially chapter 16. i would recommend this book to anyone who might want to consider what life really is and all it can offer to us, human beings, all the pain, joy, happiness and struggles, mainly struggles, for love, for liberty, for respect, for education, etc. it may imply. go on, guterson, you can really write beautiful stories, don't stop. i want to translate a new book by you next year\n", 0], ["the writing couldn't have been better. character development is the best i've seen in a book like this. given bosnia, this should be required reading. i solute william garrison and his men and hold the establishment press in contempt.my criticism of the book is mechanical. why are the maps in books like this always so puny? why don't they fold out? i think the authors get so familiar with the subject they assume a sketch will do. also, the printer shifted text in toward the spline so the reader must &quot;chase&quot; the text down hill. not a big deal, nowhere as bad as a small paperback, but i didn't buy a paperback.\n", 0], ['i read this many years ago - and decided my son could use this advice. easy to read with excellent advice for anyone.\n', 0], ['despu&eacute;s de m&aacute;s de 60 a&ntilde;os de escrito, el libro del se&ntilde;or dale carnegie contin&uacute;a vigente. c&oacute;mo es esto posible? pues muy f&aacute;cil, las excelentes ideas all&iacute; expuestas, no han sido adoptadas por muchos, a pesar de haber vendido millones de copias. el hombre com&uacute;n y corriente es f&aacute;cilmente impresionable cuando se le presentan conceptos que prometen un cambio radical en su vida, sin embargo luego del entusiasmo inicial, todas estas ideas son olvidadas, tales son los casos famosos de libros de autores como og mandino o wayne dryer. en su libro, el se&ntilde;or carnegie insiste en la re-lectura una y otra vez, y en la aplicaci&oacute;n constante de los conceptos all&iacute; expuestos, ya que sabe que de otra manera sus palabras no dejar&aacute;n huella. las ideas que el se&ntilde;or carnegie presenta en su texto son demasiado obvias, tan obvias que nadie las nota en su propia vida; s&oacute;lo cuando el autor las muestra de tal manera que no se pueden negar, es en ese momento cuando el lector se enfrenta con la realidad. todos nos sorprendemos ya que el se&ntilde;or carnegie, apoyado en testimonios e historias de personajes famosos, logra mostrarnos tantos y tan distintos errores que cometemos a diario. pero sobre todo, nos sorprendemos con la soluci&oacute;n que nos presenta para superar esos errores. de manera magistral el autor apela al mismo ego&iacute;smo de cada uno para trabajar de manera inversa, es decir, hacerle creer a los dem&aacute;s que siempre hacemos lo que ellos quieren. y al parecer esta soluci&oacute;n funciona, y funciona tan bien que, a fuerza de fingir este comportamiento y de re-leer el texto, el individuo termina apropiando la idea de hacer que la otra gente se sienta importante.tal vez el mayor m&eacute;rito lo logra el autor en el aspecto de la influencia sobre las personas, para ello propone unas reglas b&aacute;sicas de comportamiento, que de ser practicadas, conducen a un &eacute;xito en las relaciones interpersonales y de paso a conseguir cualquier cosa que uno se proponga. de todo esto, lo que causa mayor admiraci&oacute;n al lector es darse cuenta que todas las personas sin distinci&oacute;n de raza, color, sexo, religi&oacute;n o condici&oacute;n social, tienen las mismas necesidades b&aacute;sicas, las mismas expectativas y por sobre todo, el inter&eacute;s de colocar el yo, el m&iacute; mismo por sobre todas las cosas y de c&oacute;mo al lograr manipular este inter&eacute;s se puede "dominar" a los dem&aacute;s. es interesante la lectura de este libro por todas las oportunidades que ofrece para el mejoramiento del trato con los dem&aacute;s, pero por sobre todo, porque el se&ntilde;or carnegie en ning&uacute;n momento intenta imponer sus ideas, simplemente sugiere, jugando de alguna manera con el mismo lector, a qui&eacute;n le aplica el mismo tratamiento de hacerlo sentir importante.\n', 0], ['i have used this book for the past two semesters and i would rate it as "ok". it can be confusing at times and it doesn\'t always elaborate on a point.\n', 0], ['this "novel of reincarnation" rests on a premise -- that soulmates are not only reborn as soulmates every few hundred years, but when exposed to images of their past lives, mysteriously become their past lives -- that many readers will find too thin to support the plot.the central characters -- a distracted, lovestruck, but somehow successful middle-aged psychiatrist with a marvelous bottom; a guilt-ridden lutheran cleric whose history of sexual exploits, and amazing candor about them, rivals wilt chamberlain\'s; a voluptuous securities analyst whose horseback-riding and clothes-selection skills are slightly, well, mannish; and a sweet and sensitive advertising salesman in search of a good hypnotic trance -- lack credibility and appeal. the mystery they play out lacks clues, false leads, more than one major twist, and other tricks of the trade. the backdrop of historic antwerp, the studio of peter paul rubens, and new york\'s metropolitan museum of art could have been richer.frank deford creates two marvelous characters who emerge through hypnotic suggestion -- a reckless english sailor with the physique, and possibly the demeanor, of a running back on academic probation, and a demure flemish housewife stepping out on her husband -- and there is a nice chase scene at the end. these touches improve, but do not recommend, "the other adonis."\n', 0], ['even when i shop for new garments, i refer to this book to do quality check.excellent book, the best about fashion in print.\n', 0], ['this score has become kind of like a treasure for me. it is the first score i got (and is actually the only one i have) and i have thoroughly enjoyed it. it has some great historical facts on the back which helped me to understand the music a little better. i have also been practicing learning to read scores by using this one and it really has helped me. the notes are very clear and easy to read and you can hardly see through the paper at all. on a few occasions, i have even played with the recording of the suites using the score which made it even more enjoyable. overall, great release. i urge anyone who loves grieg and the peer gynt suites to get this score.\n', 0], ["if you like michener, you'll like it - but it's a long one... if you haven't read the other micheners, go to some of them first (i haven't finished them all yet). my favorite so far is poland. i also really liked chesapeake and hawaii.but, like after reading other michener books, i got a real good overview of alaska.\n", 0], ["this book really opened my eyes not only to my unconscious part i took in destroying my relationships before they even started, but every reader should pay close attention to the chapter on masculine/feminine confusion which is so prevelant in our society and we all have been affected by it in some way even if we aren't aware of it! this is not to be confused with gender, that's another whole subject within itself. as a studier of adler, this is an exceptional reference guide to those looking to either repair a broken relationship or to discover their own tendency to misplace blame, or to create the &quot;domino effect&quot; in their relationships.\n", 0], ["as a long time resident of south central pa, i have visited gettysburg dozens of times, have read 'the killer angels', seen the movie, read the companion and have had the privilege to attend talks and tours given by scott hartwig.both in his talks and in the forward to 'companion', hartwig is genuinely complimentary of shaara's work. but within his text, hartwig's tenor seems to take a lawyer-like argumentative turn. i do not believe that he does so out of any malicious intent to undermine shaara's fine work. instead, i believe that hartwig is attempting -as advertised- to create a clear deliniation between fact and fiction. perhaps he could have reinforced his stated respect for shaara the novelist throughout the 'companion' but ultimately, hartwig's loyalties are with historical fact. to that end he is quite successful. that in remaining faithful to fact, he has unintentionally stepped on toes is unfortunate because i truly believe that hartwig does indeed hold shaara in very high regard.a very good companion.\n", 0], ["though we all know freud was sometimes wrong, his ideas and interpretations of dreams are revolutionary. though it is very long and thorough it is almost never plodding. those who wish to try a shorter version of the same volume should purchase freud's &quot;on dreams.&quot; but the pioneering work in question here is a must for those interested in freud or dreams.\n", 0], ['this book, was far too long, and was not at all appealing. the length of the book, bored me to tears, and was too hard for people unfamiliar with his work (i am though somewhat familiar but still his theories made no sense to me and lacked relevance in my life). the book went into painstaking great detail describing dreams and interpretations. his theories and interpretations were intriguing, and informative, but lacked any research to back up his theories.\n', 0], ['dehaas makes his designs so clear that even i could feel confident when i turned on my milling machine. an outstanding book for someone who loves single shot rifles and wants to at least think about building his own.\n', 0], ['i would recommend "face to face: a novel" to anyone who loves the bible and enjoys having its well-known stories come alive. although i know the story well, i still found the book hard to put down. the characters are portrayed in a very believable way. having lived in israel for over 30 years, i can attest to the accuracy of the author\'s descriptions in terms of geography, customs, etc. i hope that lawton will write more books along this line.\n', 0], ['in this book instead of pro sports everyone takes part in a great inter stellar virtual reality game that is awesome. u can tell that the author is really into gaming and she describes the whole gaming system so that you feel like your playing in it yourself. very highly recommended.\n', 0], ['i was very pleased with the speedy shipping and condition of the used book. thank you.\n', 1], ['the biblesi just bought is o.k. it just needed to be larger and was not, they were in fair condition and readable but one of them had a 50 cent sticker on it from a used book store yet i paid 6$ for each of them including postage.i realize people have to make a living,but not at others expense when they live on small incomes and every penny counts.mrs. peggy parnell.\n', 1], ['the book arrived nearly two weeks before the guaranteed date. the book condition listing was "good", but it was excellent. i had been expecting to find a previous user\'s notes scrawled in the margins, but it looked like i was the first one to actually open the book!the price of the book was less than half of its $100+ new price. i found that the average used price for this book was just a little less than the new price.i will put this seller at the top of my list when looking for used books.thanks!\n', 1], ['i was pretty disappointed. couldn\'t read the book because it was missing the first 6 pages. i know i bought a used book, but this was not "acceptable."\n', 1], ['this used book was in very good shape. it shipped to me before the expected date, i was satisfied overall.\n', 1], ['this is the first time i order a used book and i was very impressed. the book looks good. thank you!\n', 1], ["i ordered this book on the advice of a friend, it's a really good read. i ordered a used book and it came in excellent condition. will order more books this way. thank you.\n", 1], ['some of the pages had been torn out. i know it was "used" but i expected the book to be complete.\n', 1], ['it was used book. it came promptly and was in good shape. it is for a class my son is taking and is a required read.\n', 1], ['very pleased. the book was in very good condition. my neice will read it to her little baby as he grows up as his father will read the french version to the baby. they were thrilled with the gift.\n', 1], ["the tea rose: a novel arrived within a few days from the supplier. i was pleasantly surprised by the prompt service and the book is in very good condition.i have started the book and am about half through it. i have always enjoyed historical fiction and this one lives up to expectations. this is the first in a trilogy and was unavailable from my local library which why i purchased it. i am looking forward to the remaining two novels in this series.the tea rose is set in london during the late 1800's. poverty is very much the theme as the book begins. the main character is full of hopes and dreams of saving enough to buy a tea shop with her boyfriend whom she plans to marry. tragedy and smashed dreams take over and feona and her brother seamus flee to america where she hopes to be rescued by her uncle michael. again tragedy is the rule of the day.\n", 1], ['book arrived promptly and in good condition. this book, part of a series of three, is an excellent read, with people and events based on historical fact or evidence. my only criticism is that i would prefer a more realistic approach to the religious beliefs of the ancient egyptians, rather than the ridiculously fantastical events that jacq portrays.\n', 1], ['very good condition and was received in a very timely manner. exceeded my expectations! i received it as i was walking out the door to go the class that this book was for haha\n', 1], ["well i bought this book on the 8th and i absolutely love it. it was in good condition practically brand new. well it's a great book and i'm so glad i bought it.\n", 1], ["the book arrived way before time and in very, very good conditions. the book has clean pages. the cover is in perfect conditions as well. couldn't believe it was an ex-library book.\n", 1], ["i liked what i purchased from this buyer. the book was in good condition and arrived on time..can't commplain...:-)\n", 1], ["i got this book as a request as a book of the month for my son's class, and it was in really good condition. everything exactly as described\n", 1], ['perfect replacement for a lost book.. good condition, signed by the author and well worth the price. very fast delivery!\n', 1], ["i received this book in good condition and a timely manner. i enjoy reading true crime books and this was the beginning of the genre. i couldn't put it down,, a great read.\n", 1], ['received in good condition and timely. this book was purchased as a gift for someone. i was told it was quite an interesting read. the negro soldier was a pivital part of this country and to read of the negro cowboys further exemplified this.it was received in good condition and in a timely manner.many thanks\n', 1], ['fast and quick delivery. we also saw the movie so i can enjoy the book the more. i hope to enjoy this for years to come. thanks for the great service.\n', 1], ['awesome product would order again as well as tell my friends about this amazing product. the delivery time was fast!\n', 1], ['book was ordered in a super saver shipping. delivery was a day before estimated delivery date. book was as described and in very good condition. thank you!\n', 1], ['the order was just what i was looking for, it was in excellent condition and received went scheduled to delivery. i love her books!!\n', 1], ['the book was received brand new, excellent condition & very fast delivery. i have been wanting to read this book for many years & delighted with the service this company gave.\n', 1], ['this is a wonderful book; beautiful and melancholy and strange and at times profoundly disturbing. its touch lingers like a whispered word that you can\'t quite make out, and the effect on the psyche is eerily similar to that of fairy fruit itself. i only wish i\'d had the opportunity to read it as a child, but even so, i would have seen it in an entirely different light as an adult. it\'s that kind of book.i also wish more care had been put into the reprinting of so magical a story. it is poorly edited, with words frequently misspelled and the occasional paragraph break in mid-sentence. it\'s nothing that couldn\'t have been fixed during the course of a single reading by a mediocre editor, but apparently nobody bothered. perhaps they were working from an old manuscript and didn\'t feel right about altering it. my copy also arrived badly water damaged, but the box and every other book in it were in perfect condition, so the damage must have occurred before it left amazon\'s warehouse. i\'m sure that not every copy shows this damage, and being stationed abroad, i opted to "suck it up" and read the one i had rather than go to the trouble of returning it for a better one. it didn\'t detract in the slightest from my overall enjoyment of the story. even fairy fruit must be allowed to have the occasional worm.in spite of the editing, i give this book my highest recommendation. i savored every word of it. it has earned an honored place on my shelf for as long as i live and will be read to my children by firelight, should i ever have any.i am a bit puzzled by the implication that neil gaiman wrote this book in 1926 with hope mirrlees as a co-author, but that\'s an amazon thing. note to amazon: an introduction does not an authorship make.\n', 1], ['excellent book. the photos are great. i wish there were more of the old b&w photos from the tomb opening. one defect: two pages were stuck together in a quarter-sized spot which damaged both pages when they were separated.\n', 1]]
